12538737
**Solanum mauritianum**"Solanum auriculatum" redirects here. This name and Solanum mauritianum itself have variously been applied to other plants; see below.Solanum mauritianum is a small tree or shrub native to South America, including Northern Argentina, Southern Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. It has become a widespread invasive weed in Azores Islands, Cook Islands, Fiji, Hawai‘i, New Caledonia, Norfolk Island, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Réunion Island, Mauritius, Madagascar, Australia, New Zealand, India, Sri Lanka and several southern African countries.***^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/whatsthisplant/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot) ^]^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24
90059797
But what are the sources covering it. CNN, HuffPo, etc. are obviously liberal news outlets and as such are going to cover a predominately liberal issue. Until you see Fox News do a Dr. Gupta-style pro-marijuana segment, you are still in the echo-chamber of legalization talk among more liberal news outlets. As I stated elsewhere America is very right leaning, even in people considered liberal. The median voter for the US falls well to the right of a middle 50 ADA score of "liberalness". If you want to use a news outlet as a meter of voter opinions, it will need to be Fox News (sadly).
80110866
rehabno one fucking needs rehab for a drug that isn't physically addicting. it's just another corporate tie in, that whole industry only exists because the government tells kids you can either go to rehab or jail. then because they obviously choose rehab the government turns around and says "this many kids needed rehab for pot so it's bad"
17711804
> So lets end its prohibition.... Right...? And that will solve all of that right...? You fail to point out the unintended consequences...You also failed to point out the unintended consequences. It's not embryonic stem cell research, it's marijuana. And I've met more than one consumer with more gray hair than me.Prohibition is the problem.
55488750
Watch it happen now. Weed Should be illegal and remain illegal. If you dont smoke weed you dont have to worry about going to prison. You do have a choice, dont murder someone, dont smoke weed, dont do drugs, dont drink while driving, dont steal, and dont worry about the law or do it and worry about the law. The choice is yours.
12475515
I don't think they're confused at all. Look at the [exit polls](http://abcnews.go.com/politics/elections/National/exitpolls). The important issues in this election were the economy, health care and foreign policy. Right now, voters trust Republicans on those issues.Minimum wage, marijuana and abortion just aren't that high on the list. It's not news that most Americans side with Democrats on minimum wage, and an outright ban on abortions, even if it's blatantly unconstitutional, is still too extreme. Also, marijuana may be a liberal issue, but it's not an issue for the Democratic Party at the national level.The problem is that you can't put the economy on a ballot measure. There are some economic issues where voters side with Democrats, but, by and large, they trust Republicans to handle the economy.
44266696
For all the bullshit Fox News spews, usually when they cover cannabis laws they actually do a great job. Nepolitano and Stossel come to mind as frequent supporters of legalization, though they're from the more libertarian wing of Fox News.
87506742
Through treaties, defense agreements, foreign aid, the UN, and all that bullshit. The US effectively pushed a worldwide ban on marijuana. Plus small countries like Jamaica were probably afraid to disobey the US considering our history of overthrowing governments and installing puppets throughout the Americas.
73428047
This election cycle is actually the only time I could maybe imagine a hypothetical third party candidate being viable if it ends up being Hillary vs Trump with Sanders running as an independent. You're right though, the two part system is a sham. I'm pro choice, pro gun, pro marijuana legalization and there is no party for me. Only having two viable options forces way too many people into being single issue voters.
77540054
My husband and I own guns, and we have friends that own guns. Anybody can kill another person with or without a gun. Some people like to use guns for target practice. Some people use them to hunt, and others use them for self-defense. If someone wants to get hold of a gun and shoot up a mall, they'll find a way to do it. Making pot illegal never stopped people from getting it. So why shouldn't responsible gun owners be allowed to have them?
12350832
"There is little if any evidence to indicate that drivers who have used marijuana alone are any more likely to cause serious accidents than drug free drivers. The results from driving simulator and closed-course tests indicate that THC in single inhaled doses up to 250 µg/kg has relatively minor effects on driving performance" - *University of Sydney and National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre University of New South Wales* "THC's effects on road-tracking after doses up to 300 µg/kg never exceeded alcohol's at BACs of 0.08; and, were in no way unusual compared to many medicinal drugs (Robbe, 1994; Robbe and O'Hanlon, 1995; O'Hanlon et al., 1995)" *- University of Limburg, Netherlands* "There was no evidence of any increase in the likelihood of being culpable for [automobile] crash[es] amongst those injured drivers in whom cannabinoids were detected" - *University of Adelaide, South Australia* "marijuana taken alone in moderate amounts does not significantly increase a driver's risk of causing an accident" - *University of Toronto, Canada* "In two studies with reasonable numbers of individuals who had only used cannabis, there was no clear evidence of increased culpability in these drivers." - *The Lancet* "No increased risk for road trauma was found for drivers exposed to cannabis" - *Dutch National Road Safety Research Institute* "Cannabis alone, particularly in low doses, has little effect on the skills involved in automobile driving" - *Canadian Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs* "The maximum impairment after the highest THC dose (300 ug/kg) was within a range of effects produced by many commonly used medicinal drugs and less than that associated with a blood alcohol concentration of 0.08" - *U.S. Department of Transportation Study* "[Cannabis'] effect on higher cognitive functions, for example divided attention tasks associated with driving, appear not to be as critical. Drivers under the influence of cannabis seem aware that they are impaired, and attempt to compensate for this impairment by reducing the difficulty of the driving task, for example by driving more slowly." - *"The Influence of Cannabis on Driving," Prepared for Road Safety Division, Department of the Environment, Transport and the Regions, UK, by Transport Research Laboratory, Ltd.*
86947967
You don't know what you are talking about.With alcohol, you actually have to be drunk when you show up to be punished. Of course showing up to work drunk = being fired.With weed, if you did it any time in the last few months outside of work legally, they still fire you. Which makes no sense. The test doesn't test that you came to work high.Obviously coming to work high should mean you are fired the same as coming to work drunk.
18417322
I did my best. any thing with (?) following it was a guess. Hey man,what's up? I saw you have that comero on creigslist. How much do you want for it?9000, or best offer.What size are the wheels28sDamn, those are nice. You have any pictures of the engine?Yeah, they're on the page.Oh damn, I didn't see any.Can it break wheels loose? I cant answer calls.Call me when we can talk. I don't have a way to make calls.You trying to get it?I'm trying to get that ass.Who the fuck is this?It's tyrone speaking. Your crazy.How's your mother and everyone?They're good. Tell CJ to keep doing what he's doing.lol, damn that nigger CJ. You heard what he did the other day? Nigga, you have some loud(?) I can score?You in the A? And what do you need?Yeah, CJ getting on that stupid shit. Lol. You got any weed?YeahCan I get an ounce of that?Where are you currently?I'm in the AWhere in the A?I'm at me girl Yaya's. You probably haven't met her yet. Nope.So you want to come over here? I have the money. Yaya lives over on the west side. and bring the camaro(?) nigga. You there?Shit meet me on old nat, I'm on house arrest.Damn cousin, what did you do this time?Startin a roit on the eastside.And they said it was gang related.Shit nigger, that is some scary shit, how did you even do something like that?Nigga was talking shit to my baby momma, and I called my buddies to help me take care of him.Oh man, no one messes with my homie and gets away with that shit. My goons have been waiting to fuck someone up anyway. Lol nigga, you are crazy. Edit: Thanks for the help.
88892456
*“Newt Gingrich, in 1997, proposed the death penalty for marijuana — for possession of marijuana above a certain quantity of marijuana,” Johnson explained. “And yet, he is among 100 million Americans who’ve smoked marijuana.”*The logic is inescapable. Gingrich must kill himself.
34546799
Here is a link to an actual study:[Cannabis use and risk of lung cancer: a case–control study](http://erj.ersjournals.com/content/31/2/280) "In conclusion, the results of the present study indicate that long-term cannabis use increases the risk of lung cancer in young adults." California has also added it's "list of substances California regulators say cause cancer" [Link](http://articles.nydailynews.com/2009-06-20/entertainment/17924718_1_marijuana-smoke-post-warnings-reproductive-harm) "Delson says the findings came from a review of more than 30 scientific papers."
89438681
Opiates suppress cortisol (stress hormone) so our adrenal glands work harder to produce more cortisol while using to counter act the suppression. When we quit the cortisol isn't suppressed anymore but the adrenal glands take time to adjust out of overdrive so for a few months after quitting opiates your pumping out a lot of stress hormone and it takes time to balance out, so this is why you're feeling so stressed. Theres a great herb for this called Ashwagandha, it's an adaptogen which helps regulate cortisol and it's been scientifically proven to lower our stress hormones, it also helps you sleep better. I take ashwagandha every night and it's made a huge difference in my day-to-day life, I'd try some and see if it helps !
11346799
I think the issue with comparing Republicans and Democrats is that those terms get blindly tossed in together with Conservative and Liberal. Because by definition, conservatism means less government and liberalism means more government. To call the Republicans completely conservative would be like calling the Democrats completely liberal. The Republicans are generally conservative on the economic side, they are liberal on the social side with the banning of gay marriage, abortion, marijuana laws, etc. While the Democrats are generally conservative on the social side while being much more liberal on the economic side.
62915293
I totally agree. I first started to realise this recently when he went away on vacation to another country where weed is highly illegal. I asked him if he took any with him, just to see what he said. He replied 'No, I didn't smoke at all the entire 2 weeks I was there'. About a week later, we were having dinner and a similar conversation came up. This time, he told me he only lasted 4 days without weed, and convinced a new 'friend' he made out there to go and get some for him. He had completely forgotten the conversation that we had had prior to this.
24807122
Not nearly as much as you would [think](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pink_tide). Latin America has become very tired of US influence and intervention. Ecuador's support of Assange and Snowden, Uruguay legalizing marijuana production in defiance of the US. The fact that the Latin American countries have formed an [alternate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_of_Latin_American_and_Caribbean_States) to the [OAS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organization_of_American_States) because of the US control over it.
67162640
this isn't the awnser you were looking for but one time when I was tripping with my friends. We were talking about one of our buddies who got caught with an 8th of weed. so we were trying to say damn he got fucked by the big black dick of the law. but it came out as " he really got fucked by the bigbackdiggadawah" lol it was so funny. It took my like 5 minutes to say it correctly because we were all laughing so hard.
66976089
Not just tourists...you won't even be able to go to Amsterdam for weed if you don't actually live in Amsterdam. I live in a small village in the Netherlands and we don't have our own coffeeshop...the regulation of the pass is that you can only get a pass for weed in the place you live...I won't be able to get any bud even though I live in the Netherlands..[](/high8)
35747204
The problem is, once weed is legal again, people are gonna stand up and want other drugs legal too. So therefore, yes opium should be legal too. I mean what does it matter, people do it anyways, regardless if it's illegal or not.
81344643
Any nice place in CA is gonna be expensive to live in, but if OP wanted to move to CA, LA county, Orange County (some parts), and the bay area are nice places and you can find some inexpensive housing if you look hard enough in the right places. Also, weed is essentially legal in those areas especially.
99553868
Yeah that's actually an urban myth. It's illegal because of hemp. In the 30's hemp began to be used for industrial purposes such has paper. William Randolph Hearst owned a very large paper mill, as well as a newspaper. Knowing that the hemp industry would potentially cost him billions he lobbied to make both hemp, the male plant, and cannabis, the female plant illegal. He used his newspaper as a way to spread disinformation about the plants he called "Marijuana." Marijuana originally was actually slang for Mexican wild tobacco, that the media began labeling cannabis as.
96058874
>hemp growing is inhibited by legal bullshit thoughNot in every country, and hemp is hardly the only bast fiber or fiber used. The tech used to harvest other bast fibers can and is used on hemp.Many many plants have and can provide fiber for clothing, paper, cordage, nets, fiber filler, etc. Many plant seeds can provide oil, and a lot more oil per acre than hemp seed. Reading about kenaf is like reading about hemp, although kenaf is superior to hemp by some measures. It's legal to grow in the States. Everything that folks claim can be done with hemp is also claimed to be able to do with kenaf, and more. Flax, abaca, ramie, coir, sisal, jute, kenaf, hemp, and several other plants compete alongside each other for the same uses.
70028685
I'm sorry, but I've done significant research on this and have never found one legitimate looking study that said that smoking cannabis causes cancer, including mouth or lung cancer. In fact, most studies have shown a reduction in tumor growth rate by about half.
40813335
I remember when Obama said "he'd put on his walking shoes and protest with them" when referring to union strikes over restriction of their rights, I remember when he said he would negotiate and end the foreign wars, I remember when he was for universal healthcare, then a public option, and then finally the 1995 Republican healthcare plan. I remember when he said he wouldn't continue the Bush tax cuts. I remember when he said transparency and protection of whistleblowers would be a cornerstone of his presidency.I remember when he said he would stop the DOJ and DEA from raiding medical marijuana dispensaries in states that have voted to allow them. I remember when he said he wouldn't reauthorize the patriot act. I remember when he said he would close Guantanamo. I remember when he said he'd end the wars only to move troops out of Iraq because negotiations to keep them there with extraterritorial rights failed.I remember when Obama wasn't Bush the third.
85239999
I think people view investing in penny stocks that are ultimately in a legal grey area (weed is still a scheduled 1 substance!) are considered gamblers. High risk with high reward.Anyone believing in the long term success of any penny stock, let alone a weed stock should take a step back and reevaluate ones logic.Will these stocks bubble around media hype (legalization, state revenues, etc)? Ofcourse.Will these all these weed stocks be around for 2-3+ years? I dunno. I am bullish about this sector, but I want everyone to remember what they are investing in: Speculation. And more times than not, speculating doesn't work out. No matter how good a penny stock is, it is still a penny stock.
92732043
Law enforcement doesn't have the resources to investigate all crimes, so they have the discretion decide what their priorities are. The DEA is currently making homegrown medicinal and recreational marijuana operations a low priority, and focusing on harder drugs and international smuggling.
64167280
>Currently, punishment for sales to someone 18-21 is 4 years max. Under Prop 19, selling to a person aged 18 - 21 will be 7 years max.What about this bit:>(c) Every person 21 years of age or over who furnishes, administers, or gives, or offers to furnish, administer, or give, any marijuana to a person aged 18 years or older shall be punished by imprisonment in the state prison for a period of up to six months and be fined up to $1,000 for each offense.
90631560
I found [this](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/washington/2008/02/oops-obama-was.html), but it was from his senate campaign. Either way, while public opinion is steadily shifting, a slim majority of Americans still oppose decriminalization. Supporting subversive action against marijuana laws is just sour grapes.
23422922
But it all comes down to what people are willing to pay. Clearly we are all willing to pay the current prices for weed. So why would distributors start charging less when they know people are willing to buy it at the currents price? It's hard for me to believe that prices will go down all that much. But once it's legalized there will be an influx in home grown operations. Almost if not more popular than homebrewing these days. But I guess that's depending on the legality of growing at home. That will probably take longer to legalize than anything.
20707348
>Effects on the Lungs>Numerous studies have shown marijuana smoke to contain carcinogens and to be an irritant to the lungs. In fact, marijuana smoke contains 50–70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than does tobacco smoke. Marijuana users usually inhale more deeply and hold their breath longer than tobacco smokers do, which further increase the lungs’ exposure to carcinogenic smoke. Marijuana smokers show dysregulated growth of epithelial cells in their lung tissue, which could lead to cancer; however, a recent case-controlled study found no positive associations between marijuana use and lung, upper respiratory, or upper digestive tract cancers. Thus, the link between marijuana smoking and these cancers remains unsubstantiated at this time.>Nonetheless, marijuana smokers can have many of the same respiratory problems as tobacco smokers, such as daily cough and phlegm production, more frequent acute chest illness, and a heightened risk of lung infections. A study of 450 individuals found that people who smoke marijuana frequently but do not smoke tobacco have more health problems and miss more days of work than nonsmokers. Many of the extra sick days among the marijuana smokers in the study were for respiratory illnesses. [source](http://drugabuse.gov/infofacts/marijuana.html)TL;DR - you're sort of right, but there are other things to consider.
27253411
>Considering how taboo the gov has marketed it as. Just to be clear: * **Schedule I Controlled Substances** Substances in this schedule *have no currently accepted medical use* in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. *Some examples of substances listed in Schedule I are*: **heroin**, lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), **marijuana** (cannabis), peyote, methaqualone, and 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ("Ecstasy").* **Schedule II Controlled Substances**Substances in this schedule have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. Examples of Schedule II narcotics include: hydromorphone (Dilaudid®), methadone (Dolophine®), meperidine (Demerol®), **oxycodone** (OxyContin®, Percocet®), and fentanyl (Sublimaze®, Duragesic®). Other Schedule II narcotics include: morphine, opium, and codeine.Examples of Schedule II stimulants include: amphetamine (Dexedrine®, Adderall®), **methamphetamine** (Desoxyn®), and methylphenidate (Ritalin®).Other Schedule II substances include: amobarbital, glutethimide, and pentobarbital. ([note:](http://www.justice.gov/dea/druginfo/drug_data_sheets/Cocaine.pdf) **Cocaine is a Schedule II drug** under the Controlled Substances Act, meaning it has a high potential for abuse and limited medical usage)* **Schedule III Controlled Substances**Substances in this schedule have a **potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II** and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. Examples of Schedule III narcotics include: combination products containing less than 15 milligrams of hydrocodone per dosage unit (**Vicodin**®), products containing not more than 90 milligrams of codeine per dosage unit (Tylenol with Codeine®), and buprenorphine (Suboxone®). Examples of Schedule III non-narcotics include: benzphetamine (Didrex®), phendimetrazine, ketamine, and anabolic steroids such as Depo®-Testosterone. all bold and italic emphasis are my own.
62604562
There are very different types of people in the world and society is the deciding factor on what is wrong and what is right. The majority rules. Now that pot is legal. It will be treated the same as alcohol. If a parent is an alcoholic and neglects and/or abuses their child, then the child will be removed from the home. With the same respect, if a parent is high all the time and neglects and/or abuses their child, then they child will be removed. What it comes down to is..."Is the child at risk by leaving him/her in the home?"
57851637
It might be that this is the first time marijuana was legalized for recreational use as opposed for medical purposes like it was before while gay marriage has been legal in some states for a while. I personally think gay marriage is more important but I think people are more excited about marijuana because this is a first time moment for recreational marijuana.
93466271
classifying marijuana as an ILLEGAL DRUG surrounds the user with the world of ILLEGAL DRUGS.when prohibition was in effect, drinking took place at speak-easys, the same sort of underground setting that lawmakers are relegating marijuana users to.if you ask me, making marijuana illegal makes it MORE LIKELY to be a gateway drug by surrounding the user with people (drug dealers, their clientèle, and those who do use harder drugs) more likely to influence their choices negatively.
95773946
Why not NOT be a fucking fucktard dumb fuck and not arrest a fucking 19 year old for pot? Fuck the cops. Marijuana plants should not be illegal. Downvote me if you want, but i find it ridiculous.Edit: not cops, the law*
27130148
You might notice the poverty rate is much higher for blacks than whites (~10% vs >25%). Also no one said crime rate was solely based on poverty. There are plenty of other factors, like the fact that black people are [more likely](http://www.nyclu.org/content/stop-and-frisk-data) to be questioned/searched by police. They're also far more likely to be arrested and convicted for the [same crime](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/06/04/us/marijuana-arrests-four-times-as-likely-for-blacks.html?referer=) than whites.These are just two more factors besides poverty but it's easy to see how all of these things combined will lead to a higher incarceration rate for one group.
25845439
Except to get a decent crop on weed you actually need a bunch of kit and so on.Also if it were home grown would be legal but selling home grown, almost certainly not due to likely there being a need for a license and huge amounts of duty added to the price.
62897891
>the 10th amendment gives states the right to make a law about anything that the federal government has not already addressed.The 10th amendment limits federal power to those grated specifically by the US Constitution and gives all other rights to the states and people. Federal laws and constitutional amendments are not the same thing.>States are not allowed to violate any federal laws in their policy making... and thus the Supreme Court ruled the state's can't make laws that go against the federal laws.Due process and equal protection are about the equal enforcement of the law for all citizens in order to prevent discrimination. It has nothing at all to do with state laws having to follow federal laws. Also, constitutional amendments are created by congress and guide the courts, not ruled on by courts.>It is still possible to legalize marijuana. In fact I highly doubt there is any federal law on the subject.[Facepalm!](http://norml.org/index.cfm?wtm_view=&Group_ID=4575)
28467347
Americans are quite familiar with being the invading force in a war. I believe what /u/reeferrabbit meant was that Americans have not experienced war on their own homeland where a foreign force occupies your cities and kills and imprisons your people in the same way most European countries have. War is easy to justify when it's not on your doorstep.
94971275
Our largest state is California based on population at around 40 million people. That alone gives almost 10% of the U.S. Access to medical marijuana Alaska being the largest state based off land has voted to legalize and also has a caregiver/patient MMJ system.
26841557
Because William Randolph Hearst, the newspaper mogul, owned everything he needed to make newspapers... the ink manufacturing, the paper mill, and... the land from which the wood for making paper came from.Then somebody figured out that it was cheaper to make paper with hemp. Hearst didn't want that sort of competition for paper manufacturing, so, with the help of politicians, he launched a smear campaign against marijuana until it was eventually outlawed.
82494754
The good things they stand for are side effects of their goal, not their goal."Make pot legal!" by abolishing the government."Stop surveillance!" by abolishing the government."Less corruption in government!" by abolishing the government.
25529709
heh. i wanted to kill myself when i worked for mcdonalds a few years back. the store i was at was awful and my parents would not let me quit. I got the job when i was 16 and it was loads of fun. i was working with people who were fun and cool to be around, which makes all the difference when every customer you have to interact with thinks that you are half retarded or at the very least not worth even the slightest bit of courtesy. anyways, over the next year every friend i had at mcdonalds eventually quit or went off to college. the store ended up hiring a fuckton of inner city kids (read black) who followed just about every stereotype there is. by the time i was 18, i was still working there (having failed at finding another part time minimum wage job. wtf?), surrounded by completely incompetent workers who smoked weed, fucked in the breakroom, and were generally lazy as fucking shit. we were perpetually understaffed and lost the people who were hired after a week or two. I had to do 9-10 hour shifts without breaks (as a minor, no less) while still in school most days of the week. It was apparently more profitable for mcdonalds to violate the child labor laws and take a fine than to close the store due to understaffing. Usually i had to work 2 or 3 different jobs at a time after 10pm, like take the orders, make the order, hand it out the window (should be 3 people). sometimes it would be just me and a manager working there for 4 hours straight. i was still only paid minimum wage. when i quit, i could see the fear in the manager's eyes. lots of people think "this place would fall apart if it weren't for me" but in my case, it was true. corporate mcdonalds replaced the entire management staff, and had the place staffed with full time salary employees for a couple months while they got their shit together. i literally was saving the corporation thousands upon thousands of dollars by just being employed and reliable.tl;drshit sucked, i was the only employee who did any work. Had shit shifts while customers treated employees as subhuman. it was perpetually understaffed. when i quit, store went to hell.
62040412
Pot is gonna mitigate many of these world hunger, poverty, genocide, racism, totalitarianism, disease, famine, religion, bigotry, spousal abuse, termite infestations, and goose poop?World Hunger - Really? Increase in world hunger due to munchies. Poverty - The supply of pot would grow to a huge level putting poor pot dealers out of business. How are you going to explain that to their starving children?Genocide - Janjaweed is killing hundreds of thousands of people. If we legalized weed it would increase smoking which would accelerate global warming. This would cause even more land to become too arid to grow grass which feed the animals. This would cause more killing by the Janajaweed. Supporting the legalization of pot is like supporting the Darfur Genocide. Do you ever watch the news?Bigotry - Pot heads are all bigots. All of them. No matter what. Seriously. Every single one. No exceptions ever.Goose poop - Okay, I'll give you that one.
41773250
The problem isn't capitalism its self. The problem is crony capitalism. When the government has its hand in the pot and is receiving money in order to create legislation, protect the corporations interests and essentially purchase politicians that serve the corporations we have a big problem. Everyone blames capitalism, but we don't have capitalism in the US we have corporatism.
41630935
very true. if you need to carry some sort of self defense tool then carry pepper spray. you're going to end up in prison for 2nd degree murder all because you "had to defend yourself" against some guy trying to steal pot from you. things that can go wrong when you carry a knife for self defense:-you pull out a knife, they pull out a gun and shoot you dead.-attacker gets ahold of the knife and now you're being stabbed to death.-I think this would be the most common one in this scenario... you use your knife against someone with no weapon. You seriously injure or kill them and now you're serving time.
61865545
>Occurs in a trial when a jury acquits a defendant, even though the members of the jury believe the defendant to be guilty of the charges. This may occur when members of the jury disagree with the law the defendant has been charged with breaking, or believe that the law should not be applied in that particular case. I would imagine a pot head on the jury would not convict someone for smoking because they feel the law is wrong.
11433310
Does drinking caffeine **impair** your ability to drive? No. Does smoking a cigarette **impair** your ability to drive? No. Does drinking 1 beer **impair** your ability to drive? No. Does a small amount of marijuana **impair** your ability to drive? Probably not if you're a regular user. Does drinking a case of beer **impair** your ability to drive? Yes. Does a large amount of marijuana **impair** your ability to drive? Yes. Argue over the legal limit and/or testing methods but anything that **impairs** your ability to drive (alcohol cellphones, marijuana, prescription drugs, etc.) should be limited while driving a 2500 lb. wrecking ball at 70 mph. impaired -Functioning poorly or incompetently;Diminished, damaged, or weakened
70974127
What country do you live in? I know plenty of fathers that would have been willing to do so prior to birth because of the terrible relationship status they had with the mother (or in several cases, the mother's parents). In one instance, the father or the child hasn't been allowed to even see his child since birth due to a court order obtained by the mother's father -- yet he has still had to pay support for the past seven years now despite never once seeing the child in person. And no, it wasn't due to abuse but a misdemeanor marijuana possession citation in high school.
67347301
I can grow a few plants outside and get over a pound per plant for maybe $20 in water and nutrients. Once you start getting higher numbers and buy nutrients in bulk that price can drop substantially. You can grow it for less than one cent per gram and it will be as good as anything grown indoors. The on reason cannabis is so expensive is its legal status and nothing more. After its legalised and big crops are legally grown outdoors like tobacco the price will drop to around $5 a gram as it will be taxed to shit and everyone will want to get a cut of the massive profits available. For the medicinal scene it could drop to less than $1 a gram for perfectly grown and controlled hydroponic buds if its run as a non-profit industry.
53442463
I can honestly see our state becoming one of the first ten or fifteen states to legalize marijuana. It just makes sense. We already did the gay marriage thing, let's keep our progressiveness going. Edit: autocorrect.
47139260
Then we need to End the Prohibition on Cannabis, it is having the same deleterious effects of Alcohol prohibition. We just don't see it because it is mostly outside the lifespan of our current population. America didn't end when Alcohol Prohibition was repealed, nor would it end or falter when the same is done with cannabis. In fact I believe it would be strengthened because of the individual freedoms that come from ending it and the waste that would disappear from our economy.
78117296
im cool with decriminalization.im not cool with breaking the law though. i would love to smoke pot but i dont because i dont want to break the law. its not hard. change the law, then do what you wanted after you get the change.in the US, there is no reason to break the law.
53136270
I've heard of people having really terrible, scary trips on spice. The "fake weed" stuff you can buy legally. It either makes you trip massive balls, or nothing at all. Sounds very similar to something I heard from Someone who did spice. Their trip was that they were in hell...so yea
77670713
The majority of Americans support the legalization or decriminalization of marijuana, why wouldn't a majority of reddit users also support this? besides, supporting legislative reform does not make someone a non-law abiding American.
21658164
Since it is legal to require employment applicants to take drug tests and for the results of those tests to be used in making employment decisions, it is hereby required that all future applicants test positive for marijuana.- The Management
48997397
He didn't say they would enforce federal law. He said it will not change how federal law is enforced. In the case of marijuana, federal law is enforced by the DEA. Local police will continue to assist the DEA when it wants to come in and enforce federal law....such as busting illegal grow operations in National Forests.
75261052
You will also have to prove that someone's sole reason for denying you employment was because of an arrest record."Did your client deny employment to helpmereddit12345678 because of his/her marijuana arrest record?""No, your honor, my client denied employment because another candidate was more qualified."-lawsuit thrown out-
34022294
Not a lot of people are addicted to pot. I think the stigma behind addiction to hard drugs is what deters people. Tell me, do you know a lot of people who would up and start doing heroine or meth because it was suddenly legal? No. They don't do it because it is highly addictive and terrible for their bodies.
96497355
Became a huge pot head.Now I have nothing against pot heads in general, but those pot heads who do *nothing* but smoke pot and only want to talk about pot... those people are annoying. He kept talking to me about why pot should be legal, "yeah, okay... that's great... I'm not against legalization, I just don't really care." EverySingle Day
82382186
>If you look at the economy purely from a citizen consumer base, then sure. If you look at the economy on large, then no, not quite. The government's spending counts. And if the government has a huge tax income from something like pot, it has a lot more money to spend on the economy.You are joking, right? The economy is entirely dependent on consumer spending! Even when the government spends to stimulate the economy, it's focus is to encourage consumer spending!>I never said that a tax on pot would fix the economy. Rather, it would help it.A tax does not fix the economy, nor does it help the economy. A tax discourages spending by making goods and services more expensive. The benefit is that it gives a government funds to do governmental things, but making things more expensive never benefits the economy.-------Regardless, we do not need a tax on pot to achieve legalization. There was significant movement toward legalization before the whole "let's tax the shit out of it!" craze, and it will happen without pushing the taxation issue.The more you pay for bud, the less you can spend on cheetos.
11237248
What is your opinion on the literature that correlates cannabis use with schizophrenia later in life? Many studies suggest cannabis use is a risk factor in the development of schizophrenia. There is also some evidence for cannabis-induced psychosis. Do you have any concern that by legalizing medical marijuana, individuals could potentially be exposed to something with very serious consequences later in life?
65761289
Yes, that's why marijuana should be used *responsibly* just like alcohol should. Minors should not use it. Regardless, when you compare the two, alcohol is far more harmful. It's not even a contest.Yet, alcohol is perfectly legal.
64341461
Oh please, stop trying to curve such bullshit reasoning. That's what YOU'RE implying, not the paper. There is zero concrete evidence in what is being *implied*. This is a scientific paper. It exists for the sole purpose of spreading information. If they have any accusations about marijuana or it's legality they would have said so; there is no such rhetoric in the article.
33728108
I have no idea. Alabama legalized gay marriage, which I didn't think would happen until it was a federal law. So probably a state that seems like it would legalize it in the very near future will be the last state to legalize marijuana.
91680120
Right, but mentioning the beginning of federal cannabis prohibition is moot when there's a prohibition against *all* drugs. Teach people why the drug war was begun, not cannabis prohibition. Cannabis is only one part of it.
76053041
Yeah. I wouldn't believe it if I didn't read it either."The neonates of heavy-marijuana-using mothers had better scores on autonomic stability, quality of alertness, irritability, and self-regulation and were judged to be more rewarding for caregivers. "They try to suggest other factors give these results - "suggest that the better scores of exposed neonates at 1 month are traceable to the cultural positioning and social and economic characteristics of mothers using marijuana that select for the use of marijuana but also promote neonatal development"This means either the effect of Marijuana on unborn children has positive effects or NO negative effects or negative effects so negligible, social-economic factors can overcome them and make them positive. Is it just me or is this big news? Why haven't we heard of this before? This study was done in 1994!
86929730
That's ignoring the social stigma of steroid use versus marijuana use. The latter is much more accepted across many demographics. The former, not so much. In fact, it's by and large reviled. I don't think it's the legal thing which matters most, but the social effects of admitting use.
96121912
>small number of well connected corporationsWell connected? You mean people who can actually run a business in a professional manner and in compliance with regulations? People who can write up a business plan that makes sense for a clean and above board investor to put their capital at stake? That investor won't put their capital forward unless your business plan shows you have a a chance of operating. If you've been charged with money laundering in the past, no investor who can put money forward will have anything to do with you. As a far as I know, none of these are "big corporate"http://www.7acres.com/https://www.brokencoast.ca/https://www.cannafarms.ca/https://canadasislandgarden.com/http://www.delta9.ca/http://www.inthezoneproduce.com/http://naturalmedco.ca/index.htmlhttp://www.greenorganicdutchman.com/https://whistlermedicalmarijuana.com/http://www.jwcmed.com/
92796806
I knew what you meant, but being high/driving truly only affects the speed of driving. Of course, it's extremely dangerous to drive while drunk or high, and I agree with the law in this case, that driving while intoxicated or under the influence is highly dangerous. However, to be technical, drunk drivers swerve and drive very quickly and erratically. Under the influence of cannabis driving is simply slower and not erratic or fast. Again, driving whilst under the influence of any drug is extremely stupid and reckless.
52555733
Welcome to Washington, where pot is legal, and you can go to many stores and buy it just like beer and wine. You can only buy 1oz. at a time, but really, that should be plenty for the day.
41050201
Basically in law-speak this states that cannabis has been removed as a schedule 1 drug because the state realized that the laws were conflicting. I'm not sure if i's going to be moved to a schedule 2 though.The law (MCL 333.7211) states >"The administrator shall place a substance in schedule 1 if it finds that the substance has high potential for abuse and has no accepted medical use in treatment in the United States or lacks accepted safety for use in treatment under medical supervision."and for schedule 2 (MCL 333.7213) :>The administrator shall place a substance in schedule 2 if it finds all of the following:>>(a) The substance has high potential for abuse.>>(b) The substance has currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States, or currently accepted medical use with severe restrictions.>>(c) The abuse of the substance may lead to severe psychic or physical dependence.>
97488582
Nobody goes to jail for marijuana use.... They go to jail for something else, go on probation then smoke. This puts them in jail... It's not like you have college kids going to jail for smoking weed.
74260210
> it's safer to drive on pot than on alcohol Actually, there's a good bit of evidence to back that up: "The maximum impairment after the highest THC dose (300 ug/kg) was within a range of effects produced by many commonly used medicinal drugs and less than that associated with a blood alcohol concentration of 0.08" - *U.S. D.O.T. study* "There is little if any evidence to indicate that drivers who have used marijuana alone are any more likely to cause serious accidents than drug free drivers. The results from driving simulator and closed-course tests indicate that THC in single inhaled doses up to 250 µg/kg has relatively minor effects on driving performance" - *University of Sydney and National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre University of New South Wales* "THC's effects on road-tracking after doses up to 300 µg/kg never exceeded alcohol's at BACs of 0.08; and, were in no way unusual compared to many medicinal drugs (Robbe, 1994; Robbe and O'Hanlon, 1995; O'Hanlon et al., 1995)" - *University of Limburg, Netherlands* "There was no evidence of any increase in the likelihood of being culpable for [automobile] crash[es] amongst those injured drivers in whom cannabinoids were detected" - *University of Adelaide, South Australia* "marijuana taken alone in moderate amounts does not significantly increase a driver's risk of causing an accident" - *University of Toronto, Canada* "In two studies with reasonable numbers of individuals who had only used cannabis, there was no clear evidence of increased culpability in these drivers." - *The Lancet* "No increased risk for road trauma was found for drivers exposed to cannabis" - *Dutch National Road Safety Research Institute* "Cannabis alone, particularly in low doses, has little effect on the skills involved in automobile driving" - *Canadian Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs* "In terms of road safety, it cannot be concluded that driving under the influence [of marijuana] is not a hazard [...] In comparison with alcohol however, the severe effects of alcohol on driving are likely to make this more of a hazard" - *Road Safety Division Report, UK*
19190839
Um, yes there is a mis-communication, the mis-communication is on your part.The current situation has marijuana legislation in place. Marijuana legislation is simply laws regarding marijuana, such as bans and regulations. Obama supports this legislation. Anyone that opposes marijuana legislation is someone that is in favor of legalizing marijuana. "Opposing marijuana legislation" and "opposing marijuana legalization" are very similar (though not identical).Obama is in favor of marijuana legislation, this is the current situation in which marijuana is legislated.So now that you understand that people that oppose marijuana **legislation** are people that want less laws regarding marijuana, do you still think that Obama opposes marijuana **legislation**?
67849439
>So, now your claiming the DA is "obstinately naive." He's the one that dismissed the charges. You mention this other incriminating evidence, yet you don't even question why they didn't charge him for any of it. And you call me biased.No, I am claiming you are obstinately naive. The DA is only allowed to use admissible evidence. I am sure you are intelligent enough to understand that insufficient evidence is not "no evidence".>What stated things from the man did I post? Nothing. The only one I quoted was the DA. The rest is all fact. He was charged with growing pot, but there was no pot growing.The entire article is almost exclusively about the claims of the man and what the police did when seizing the drugs and growing supplies. Are you being intentionally obtuse?>Nowhere in the article does it mention he was caught with "plenty of illegal material." But yet you claim it displays a lack of credibility and speaks to a gross lack of integrity on my part because I'm not aware of it.Facepalm: Again, you are intentionally obtuse. This is only a drop in the bucket when it comes to your lack of integrity.>Again, the information you mentioned wasn't even in this article, but you claim it was misleading that I left it out. How does that work? You present facts not known from this article and claim I am hiding them purposefully. While saying it's because "I hate authority." And you accuse me of being misleading and lacking integrity. Fuck you troll.Is that your only news source? It seems real coincidental every other article makes mention of the thousands worth of hash and marijuana along with the growing materials. Then, when someone states the article is lacking information, and you give some indignant retort explaining how to use Google.
51960018
>All studies done, to date, refute that statement, showing that cannabis usage is less harmful for your lungs than living in a metro area and breathing in smog every day.sure, if you mean every study funded by the Cypress Hill Institute of Bongology. >Numerous studies have shown marijuana smoke to contain carcinogens and to be an irritant to the lungs. In fact, marijuana smoke contains 50-70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco smoke. Marijuana users usually inhale more deeply and hold their breath longer than tobacco smokers do, which further increase the lungs' exposure to carcinogenic smoke. **Marijuana smokers show dysregulated growth of epithelial cells in their lung tissue, which could lead to cancer**;6 however, a recent case-controlled study found no positive associations between marijuana use and lung, upper respiratory, or upper digestive tract cancers.7 Thus, the link between marijuana smoking and these cancers remains unsubstantiated at this time.>Nonetheless, **marijuana smokers can have many of the same respiratory problems as tobacco smokers, such as daily cough and phlegm production, more frequent acute chest illness, and a heightened risk of lung infections. A study of 450 individuals found that people who smoke marijuana frequently but do not smoke tobacco have more health problems and miss more days of work than nonsmokers.8 Many of the extra sick days among the marijuana smokers in the study were for respiratory illnesses.**http://www.nida.nih.gov/infofacts/marijuana.html
19673097
"America's marijuana prohibition drew into its 72nd year this month. It has created a huge underground industry catering to users, helped the U.S. prison population balloon into the world's largest, and diverted the resources of American law enforcement"It is illegal in most countries with the partial exception of the Netherlands in terms of prison population the Netherlands has a average European prison population per 100,000population per 100,000 peopleCountry: Population per 100,000:United States 715ENGLAND/WALES 148SPAIN 144SCOTLAND 134NETHERLANDS 128PORTUGAL 120http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/shared/spl/hi/uk/06/prisons/html/nn2page1.stm
73813136
She tried to transport drugs to said society. A drug that a lot of people OD on, a drug that for the most part, ruins people's lives. She wasn't transporting weed. I get that at this point her going jail doesn't really solve anything, but can we please stop acting like she didn't do anything wrong at all.
32305861
I don't think it's touted as a "harmless alternative" to alcohol. The argument is that it's an alternative to alcohol that is certainly not *more* harmful, and therefore should be legal.Personally, I see cannabis as *much* less harmful than alcohol. Alcohol and alcohol-in-combination kill an absurd number of people each year. If that horribly dangerous substance is legal, cannabis should be as well.
32691103
>States can expressly deny any Federal law they choose, and the Feds can simply exclude them from the programs. No they can't. Every time a state has tried to do this it's been slapped down. > "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."The Supremacy Clause of the Constitution specifically says that state laws can not trump federal laws, making the 10th Amendment invalid as an argument for states being able to nullify federal laws> "The Court, in a 6–3 decision, ruled that the imposition of that obligation on the states violated the Tenth Amendment. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote that the federal government can encourage the states to adopt certain regulations through the spending power (e.g. by attaching conditions to the receipt of federal funds, see South Dakota v. Dole), or through the commerce power (by directly pre-empting state law). However, Congress cannot directly compel states to enforce federal regulations."Assuming that O'Connor actually said this, it does not mean that states are free to dis-regard federal law. What it means is that when a federal law is passed the federal government can not require a state to enforce it without providing it the means to do so. In the case of marijuana laws the federal government can not require state governments to aid them in investigating or prosecuting federal marijuana laws.
55004306
With cannabis prices dropping pretty low once legalized, who's going to try to compete with a commercial grow? I imagine it would be hard to match those low prices. If people are concerned about wanting a lower price, they will most likely grow themselves.
64485857
A few weeks ago I had one of the weirdest dreams I have had in a while. I was riding in a small sedan on the highway with a friend of mine. We were smoking a joint while riding down the road. As I look in the rear view mirror I see blue lights turn on. My friend pulled the car over and put it in park. We sat there for a minute waiting for the two police officers that were in the cruiser to walk up to our window. As they walk up, the one officer shines his flash light in my face and tells me to get out of the car. I opened the door and step out of the vehicle. As I look into the face of the officer I realize its Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney proceeds to inform me that I was being arrested for possession of marijuana. He then puts handcuffs on me and puts me in the back of the cruiser. After this dream I woke up feeling extremely disturbed.
61064406
When the U.S legalizes marijuana, then the rest of the 1st world nations follow in footsteps. When the U.S calls SC a sport, then it is official world wide. Why? Because the U.S is the leader of the world, most powerful nation on planet Earth.
24898647
Hrphm ... North carolina thinks they are in the south evidently. No damn way NC is gonna come in behind the real bible belt in legalizing marijuana. Even been to Mississippi or Arkansas? NC is NY by comparison.
71407282
Why say redneck? That's an unfair generalization. I hate to break it to you but every government has guns and so does every criminal. Gun control is preventing law abiding citizens to own guns. Owning a gun illegally is as easy as buying pot. Whether a gun is used for recreation, combat, self defense, or competition is up to the shooter and person.
43538104
Currently only medical marijuana businesses will be allowed to even apply for the license to sell retail marijuana. You need a separate license to be a medical marijuana business so in essence you will need two licenses. Non medical marijuana businesses will not be able to apply for a license until mid-2015 for most of the state, later for Denver. Personal sales are illegal and will remain so without a completely separate constitutional amendment.
27030205
Met her 4 years ago at a youth conference. I was told she had a crush on me so I talked to her. We had some nice conversations but it faded do to our distance and me getting into a relationship. That relationship was very emotionally abusive but me and Christina became really close friends. She had a boyfriend by the time I wised up and became single again. As the year went on we became very open and the very best off friends. I had a huge crush. Sadly she was taken. I was open with my feelings, as was she with hers, and her boundaries. Fast forward to her visiting me with her best girl friend. I had just gotten a job and moved home after being homeless for 6 months. I was unhealthy both physically and mentally. Its showed as we grew a little apart. Then they break up. She was beyond devastated. It was out of the blue and I swallowed my pride and was the friend she needed. She spent some time away from being in contact. A few months later she's in her new single girl mindset, and I'm in a very big self care/love kick to make myself healthy. We renewed our friendship and had been texting on a daily basis. It was awkward at first because I instantly picked back up on my crush and she was not into me in that way. I was in the friendzone hard, but I was still very happy to have her in my life. We continue this trend until early this year. She had started visiting (living 4 hour drive away) more often and we had physically been getting closer. I had also gotten skinny and not to toot my own horn but I'm also pretty cute now because of hard work and going vegetarian(admit-ably to impress her at first seeing as she is one, but fell in love with how it makes me feel.). I had assumed it was all friendship based on what had almost been four years of being so. She saw some texts on my phone with another girl and our first very big fight began. It changed our relationship for a while. We remained best friends regardless. We remained close and became so much closer. We reunite at the same youth conference. The first night there we kiss, by the third day we are holding hands and having sleepovers, basically inseparable. She decides after this week to spend another night but at my house. Now we napped, woke up, and I go to shower. I leave her smiling, but come back to a hate glare. She had found the secret I was keeping. I had planned to move to Colorado from mass at the end of summer. After two days at the conference I decided I could not leave her. I hadn't told her and she drives off. I'm in tears on the phone with my friend thinking I've lost what just began finally. She comes back. Now I have made big mistakes in my life and have been reprimanded by parents, teachers, and other authorities. This was the worst. I was being destroyed, torn apart, and told by the girl of my dreams that i had hurt her more than anyone, and ruined whatever we had. I plead and beg. She decides to stay because now it is far too late to drive back to Jersey. We smoke a little weed and decide it's time for bed. I back into a corner and give her all the space she needs. She rolls over and says "I'm still really mad at you, but I want to cuddle." we commence in a very great night. The next morning we wake up early and talk everything out. It's still a little shaky but the worst has passed. We just made it official last thursday. Honestly I've never been happier, and not in that new romance/honeymoon way. I've been through a good amount in my 22 years (today being real life cake day) and I've dated enough to know that this is the real thing. Guys, she's incredible. Also the sex is the best I've ever had. TL;DR You can become more than friends, if it's meant to be.
28933995
It's probably also worth noting that if you have a trademark you are obligated to enforce it or you will risk lose the trademark...>Companies with famous trademarks and/or large budgets should consider engaging a professional watch service to conduct such search and monitoring activitiesThere's more information here: http://www.forbes.com/sites/debraborchardt/2015/10/21/trudeau-lights-up-marijuana-supporters/
13522981
The most amusing lie in that little spiel is your claim that I am only relying on the word of DML, given the subject of the article that I posted. Others, such as the "VPD's" claim that he was selling to minors (find that in their [press release](http://mediareleases.vpd.ca/2015/07/01/arrests-made-at-cannabis-day-protest/), it's not there because they have no proof of that) belie your other lie, that "all you did was repeat facts". Nah, you invented them.
22057769
potentially, yes, but not in the way that most people mean. not in the way that it causes people to go, "weed's not enough, i need something harder."i think it can be a gateway drug in that many kids try it and say, "holy shit, adults have been lying to me my whole life. my life's not messed up, nobody got hurt, i'm not a junkie addict loser now. what else did they lie to me about? what other drugs actually really like? what about alcohol, it's a drug, why is getting drunk ok and smoking weed isn't?"i think marijuana legalization and being more honest and realistic about it is key.
86410708
Obama could have been more audacious on that issue. It's a racial issue as well since the incarceration rates for marijuana-related offenses are significantly higher for black people compared to white people despite similar usage rates in both populations.
45809045
I was taught that slippery slope arguments are of the form X therefore Z or X entails ZWhat we usually call slippery slope arguments skip some step Y which would explain the jump from X to Z but the premise Y is non-existent. Look at an example:1. X: If you legalize marijuana then Z: you will have to legalize all drugs!In this example we are left to wonder why X entails Z there must be some reason (Y) which explains why X entails Z! if you ask someone, "why does Marijuana legalization entail all drug legalization?" they usually cannot come up with an answer. The Y premise which would explain why X entails Z is non-existent.
73782448
The funny thing is prohibition of alcohol led to the creation of organized crime. The organized crime we know today are called drug cartels. With the end of prohibition of drugs, such as marijuana, cartel activity would decrease in the same way it did once alcohol prohibition ended. Sure it'll still be there, it always will be, but there will be less activity.
81066928
The only reason I ever feel down about being an every day smoker is when I think about all the people I lie too. If it was legal, I wouldn't hate it at all. I just enjoy how much nicer I am to other people when I know I can go home and smoke. I have had a bad temper since I was little and weed has been the only thing to help.
88630967
I know.. it was a typo. I had previous marijuana convictions from about 4years ago. The court appointed attorney told me that they would bring my past history up and it wouldn't matter if I fought it. The D.A wouldn't listen to traffic incident or at least this is what my attorney told me. I then asked the judge if he could give me a continuance to hire a lawyer and he refused it. So not knowing what to do I just took the plea deal.
23617084
Federal law does take priority. Which is why there are occasional DEA raids on dispensaries operating "legally". The hope is that if the state and local police aren't enforcing pot laws, then the Feds won't waste resources trying to snatch all the pot in CA
28513316
So... It could create a black market for medical cannabis? You mean like the current black market for pharmaceuticals?Beyond that, there is no way that a black market for a legal product would be as big and criminal as the current black market that stems from it's illegality.
93362062
It's not a misdemeanor, it's a civil offense like a speeding violation or parking ticket. A misdemeanor is a criminal offense.>Both possession and cultivation of the drug still would be against the law, but minor offenses would be treated as civil infractions similar to traffic violations. Those in violation could be fined — but not arrested or jailed — and they would have no criminal record.[source](http://bangordailynews.com/2011/03/17/politics/bills-would-decriminalize-pot-increase-penalties-for-cocaine/)
94200480
I think that once its legalized for the entire country (how ever long that is) the "recreational" in recreational marijuana will start to fade off, the only reason we use it at the moment is because we need to differentiate between medical and recreational, once it doesn't matter to be medical or not it will change
73362359
We were moving into a house around the corner and my brother and I had moved our rooms already. We were upstairs smoking out and heard a knock on the bedroom door. Thinking it was the friend we were waiting on, I got up and opened the door. Two fucking cops staring us down. Room filled with smoke, our eyes glasses, and I notice my brother open the nightstand drawer and gently push the bad of weed in then shut the drawer. Freaking out about now, the cops asked us what we were doing and I told them we just moved in from around the corner. They said OK and left (go figure that one out). We look out the window and there are 12 cop cars outside our house and a helicopter flying over. Had to smoke another one to get over that. The only thing that saved us was that they had entered illegally and knew it.
25329148
My Dad has Crohn's, and there are a lot of studies coming out that show cannabis can really help Crohn's patients, and even send them into remission, yet our government doesn't provide legal cannabis.I also have an uncle who was recently diagnosed with advanced cancer, and I'm not sure if cannabis could help him, but there are certainly cancer patients it can help.If the UK were to take an even moderately less barbarian stance on cannabis, many people with horrible diseases, most notably multiple sclerosis, which a few of my neighbours suffer from, could be made more at ease.
25365449
I'm not sure point 2 is an east coast vs. west coast thing. Both coasts tend to vote more progressively on social issues than the middle of the country. For example, the first two states to legalize marijuana were "west coast" if you include Colorado as west coast, but the first two to legalize gay marriage were on the east coast.Also, do you have any references saying that the west coast is more culturally heterogeneous than anywhere else in the US?
52620055
Do you have any evidence that contradicts that? Otherwise, "Wow, just wow," doesn't add much to the discussion. There is no good evidence to suggest there are SERIOUS negative health effects to long term cannabis use. You'll probably be able to find some poorly done studies that conclude there are negative health risks, but any legitimate study concludes there is no serious damage in long term use.
46303144
It's not just about him not being able to get things done, it's about him not even trying or actively working against those campaign promises: Health care reform - worked against the public option behind the scenes.Financial reform - hired all wall street insiders to key positions, and no prosecutions.Warrantless wiretapping - promised to filibuster it, then voted for it.Closing guantanamo/ending military tribunals - barely even tried.Not prosecuting medical pot - the raids continue to this day.Fuck anything Obama says now.
77640182
Here's 4.b.: >(b) Every person 18 years of age or over who furnishes, administers, or gives, or offers to furnish, administer, or give, any marijuana to a minor 14 years of age or older shall be punished by imprisonment in the state prison for a period of three, four, or five years Read it as carefully as you'd like.
57417256
Thomas also said> If the Federal Government can regulate growing a half-dozen cannabis plants for personal consumption (not because it is interstate commerce, but because it is inextricably bound up with interstate commerce), then Congress' Article I powers – as expanded by the Necessary and Proper Clause – have no meaningful limits.
99157657
There are many things that are illegal that don't result in jail time, let alone mandatory minimum sentencing. Now explain why growing 6 marijuana plants is worthy of mandatory minimum jail time.
61674358
I haven't done any research on pot stocks.Whats the best ones? Also, do you think pot stocks (the actual stocks, not the website) will boom out of control once cannabis is totally legalized? Are they all just penny stocks right now?Do you hold stock in any particular ones? Has it been profitable?
21937283
We cannot specifically suggest a medical professional to seek for a medical cannabis recommendation, unfortunately. There are forms available here: ( http://medpotnow.com/download-forms/ ) that inform your doctor of why you want to use medicinal cannabis and allow them to state if they would recommend it, but will not for legal reasons.Sorry, but I hope that helps.
41152232
Is pot bad or not? Not is "smoking" pot bad.... Pot itself... The law is about pot, not about how you ingest it. Is pot bad? Should it be illegal or not? The law has nothing to say about how you ingest it, just if the substance is bad or not. It doesn't seem to be.
56940051
if you had a friend with some hardware, they could make simple change for you. get a super cheap pressed steel stock pot. i got one from walmart a 19q for $13. have them cut out a slot on the bottom 3rd and a little into the bottom . this is where we'll allow the spout to come out. and the open crotch allows for water to not pool up and try to get into the watermelon juice mon. the juice juice juice juice mon. mon mon mon monmonmonomonomonom. we all the juice mon. bon bon ban bon. juice moon mon mno mon. juice juice mon, juice juice. juice. juice juice mon, juice juice. juice mon. mon, mon mon mon. juice. juice juice. mon, on ohn, on on. juice, mon.
21307454
There is something called the Supremacy Clause in the Constitution which declares that states must follow federal law when a conflict arises between federal law and the laws of any state. The DOJ will likely sue the state in a federal court over the law and use the Supremacy Clause as grounds to have the law overturned. The marijuana laws you a referring to are still illegal under federal law. So the DOJ could sue to have the laws overturned and there could even be federal prosecution of individual violators. So far, the federal government has chosen not to act.
64926751
money. money money money money money money money money money money money money money money money money money money.Money and pussy are the biggest driving factors in the world and legalization of marijuana would change up the current state of who is getting how much money. The people with the money don't want change because, shit, they already got all the money, why fuck with it.You think anybody with power does anything for the greater good? If they did then the world would be a far better place.
40949570
>Civil rights movement was a movement by the people, not the government, Had I given the government credit for the Civil Rights movement you would have a point. No one asserts that the government sui generis decided to implement Civil Rights. It was a tool.>What exactly do you have against legal marijuana,Was Goldwater for legalization in 1964?>less militarism,You mean like nuke Vietnam?
75649764
Less power? Perhaps. But there *are* other non-drug crimes and other drugs to sell, and the cartels will not be out of business. They *will* focus on other things. What they won't do is just magically disappear because of an end to marijuana prohibition (and I'm for ending the prohibition). I just don't expect the violence from Mexican cartels to stop when marijuana is no longer a lucrative commodity to them.
24837201
Don't speak ill of your corporate overlords, or they might accuse you of marijuana possession and throw you in a for profit prison for years using their army of lawyers.Also, jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs. Who else but the ultra-wealthy can afford to pay you money for your time?
11347314
One time I went to a party with my cousin just outside London in England. The party started off fine, just 10-20 people drinking cans/vodka and smoking spliff; standard stuff. Then the girl who was hosting it called her boyfriend, who came over with 20 of his friends. Those friends invited more friends. By about half 11 there were at least 150 people there. In a regular suburban house. The girl who was hosting it got overwhelmed by this and locked herself in her room crying. While this was going on, someone left the shower and the bath on (the bath went through the floor and landed in the living room), kicked in the front door (with £800+ worth of stained glass) and set her couch on fire. We kicked in her bedroom door and she was lying on her bed crying. The police came and kicked everyone out, the most aggressive people were arrested but most of us get away, but then half an hour later we all ended up coming back because the front door had the lock kicked in so she couldn't lock us out. Ended up having a huge rave in her house. All crockery, ornaments etc broken. TV thrown out the 2nd story window. 5 guy brawl resulting in a mirror being broken over a guy's face.TL;DR: Crazy party. Host locks herself in bedroom. Bath goes through ceiling, front door kicked in, police come. Arrests made, we come back, tv thrown out window, mirror smashed over a guy's face.
92899622
That's true - civil rights are universal but the phrase has a heavy connotation of racial equality. Considering he used "civil rights activist" as a term to distinguish itself from "legalized marijuana activist" I assumed he was using a narrow construction of "civil rights" that was possibly constrained to MLK-era activism.
83351369
Originally, if the groundhog saw its shadow it meant six more weeks of **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis**.Noone is so old as to have outgrown **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis**.I got a newspaper from the future. It had an obituary in it for **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis**.Instead of a toy, the new promotion at McDonald&apos;s includes **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis.** in every Happy Meal.Sometimes you feel like **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis.**, sometimes you don't.I sleep like a baby after bathing in a tub full of **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis**.Rules to raising a mogwai: never feed it after midnight, never get it wet, and never give it **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis**.Simply **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis.** -adeThe theme for this year&apos;s Halloween party is **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis**.Today I don't feel like **The imminent, glorious, worldwide legalization of cannabis**. I just wanna lay in my bed.
31502323
Has anyone seen any statistics about legalizing a drug over a period of years starting with the oldest of the population and ending with the minimum age of ~21? Ex. Legalize marijuana for people 55 and up the first year then four years later that age has lowered to the 30's and so on. Has that ever been used?
25625227
I was twenty and went to my drug dealers house to pick up some weed . Excited of how it looked and smelled i walked out of his house dancing. I get in the car and as i pull into the road a cop is parked hidden behind a bush with his lights on hardly leaving me with any room to make my turn. I instantly looked at my friend with the expression of "well fuck" as the cop proceeded to pull into the driveway and turn around. Long story short we both went to jail that night.
67116317
I'm finally pulling my head out of my ass.After not getting into my college of choice last year, I took a year off, and it was an unbelievable learning experience. I worked near full time for a while, lost my job (due to stupidity). Tried weed and kept at it for a couple of months. Stopped when I lost the job. Temp job jumped for a bit, took LSD, first seldom, now consistently. Working full time, going to a University in the fall, have housing arrangements planned out, just need to sign up for classes, and be on with my life.Getting over my baggage issues. The girls I so desperately loved that did not feel the same way, I am now getting over, realizing they don't matter to me anymore. I'm interested in a relationship, but don't *need* one. A gal will come along that will make up for all the hardships I have faced in the past, and I will make sure she is rightfully treated as such.I truly believe this small time period is when my life begins to change for the better.
27165968
Convicted killers, pedophiles, rapists and other people who are put in there for extreme measures should all be sent to the same prisons. People like that don't deserve to be treated the same as people who go to jail for fraud, stealing or having a few bags of weed.
74467263
He plans to pay for free college with a .5% tax on Wall Street transactions, which actually should leave a surplus. His plan to fund paid family leave is through a .2% payroll tax increase. His plan to pay for healthcare is a little more complex. It would require an across the board tax increase on everyone, but the tax increase would be less than what you are currently paying for healthcare, as it would save about $400 billion in administration fees. His infrastructure plan hasn't had a funding plan released yet, but, if we look at the tax revenue from states that have legalized marijuana, it would more than likely give us more money than his infrastructure plan would cost, and his infrastructure plan would also create 5 million jobs, which would stimulate the economy. His college plan also creates a better educated work force, which will stimulate the economy.
59218241
It doesn't say they *have* to try opiates. It says that the doctor can recommend medical marijuana if either A) Regular medical therapies and opiates don't seem to work or B) regular medical therapies and opiates are contraindicated (meaning it would either be harmful or isn't worth looking into because the costs would outweigh the benefits. This also prevents a doctor from becoming a legalized naturopath who could dismiss patients by telling them to just get stoned instead of trying real proven medical treatments first.
39959014
No, probable cause alone is not enough to search. If they have only probable cause, they need to get a warrant or consent in order to search. Probable cause + exigent circumstances is enough to search without a warrant. A vehicle in which one smells marijuana is one such exigent circumstance. Here are some of the exceptions to the warrant requirement: http://nationalparalegal.edu/conlawcrimproc_public/protectionfromsearches&seizures/extowarrantreq.asp
