95276227
No I wouldn't. But the fact that something (alcohol) that can potentially make a person dangerous is already doesn't mean that other similar substances should be legal. That's not the argument. The argument is that marijuana, alcohol should be legal because it is the user's choice--and i fully support that.
95704478
>FDA has approved two drugs, Marinol and Cesamet, for therapeutic uses in the U.S., which contain active ingredients that are present in botanical marijuana. On May 31, 1985, FDA approved Marinol Capsules, manufactured by Unimed, for nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy inpatients that had failed to respond adequately to conventional antiemetic treatments. Marinol Capsules include the active ingredient dronabinol, a synthetic delta-9- tetrahydrocannabinol or THC, which is considered the psychoactive component of marijuana. On December 22, 1992, FDA approved Marinol Capsules for the treatment of anorexia associated with weight loss in patients with AIDS. Although FDA approved Cesamet Capsules for the treatment of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy on December 26, 1985, this product was never marketed in the U.S. Cesamet Capsules contain nabilone as the active ingredient, a synthetic cannabinoid. Nabilone is not naturally occurring and not derived from marijuana, as is THC. [source](http://www.fda.gov/ola/2004/marijuana0401.html)>Claims have been advanced asserting smoked marijuana has a value in treating various medical conditions. Some have argued that herbal marijuana is a safe and effective medication and that it should be made available to people who suffer from a number of ailments upon a doctor's recommendation, even though it is not an approved drug.>Marijuana is listed in schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act (CSA), the most restrictive schedule. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), which administers the CSA, continues to support that placement and FDA concurred because marijuana met the three criteria for placement in Schedule I under 21 U.S.C. 812(b)(1) (e.g., marijuana has a high potential for abuse, has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States, and has a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision). Furthermore, there is currently sound evidence that smoked marijuana is harmful. A past evaluation by several Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) and National Institute for Drug Abuse (NIDA), concluded that no sound scientific studies supported medical use of marijuana for treatment in the United States, and no animal or human data supported the safety or efficacy of marijuana for general medical use. There are alternative FDA-approved medications in existence for treatment of many of the proposed uses of smoked marijuana.>FDA is the sole Federal agency that approves drug products as safe and effective for intended indications. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic (FD&C) Act requires that new drugs be shown to be safe and effective for their intended use before being marketed in this country. FDA's drug approval process requires well-controlled clinical trials that provide the necessary scientific data upon which FDA makes its approval and labeling decisions. If a drug product is to be marketed, disciplined, systematic, scientifically conducted trials are the best means to obtain data to ensure that drug is safe and effective when used as indicated. Efforts that seek to bypass the FDA drug approval process would not serve the interests of public health because they might expose patients to unsafe and ineffective drug products. FDA has not approved smoked marijuana for any condition or disease indication.>A growing number of states have passed voter referenda (or legislative actions) making smoked marijuana available for a variety of medical conditions upon a doctor's recommendation. These measures are inconsistent with efforts to ensure that medications undergo the rigorous scientific scrutiny of the FDA approval process and are proven safe and effective under the standards of the FD&C Act. Accordingly, FDA, as the federal agency responsible for reviewing the safety and efficacy of drugs, DEA as the federal agency charged with enforcing the CSA, and the Office of National Drug Control Policy, as the federal coordinator of drug control policy, do not support the use of smoked marijuana for medical purposes. [source](http://www.fda.gov/bbs/topics/NEWS/2006/NEW01362.html)And since I'm quoting here is 21 U.S.C. sec 812(1) Schedule I. -(A) The drug or other substance has a high potential for abuse.(B) The drug or other substance has no currently acceptedmedical use in treatment in the United States.(C) There is a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug orother substance under medical supervision.(2) Schedule II. -(A) The drug or other substance has a high potential for abuse.(B) The drug or other substance has a currently acceptedmedical use in treatment in the United States or a currentlyaccepted medical use with severe restrictions.(C) Abuse of the drug or other substances may lead to severepsychological or physical dependence.(3) Schedule III. -(A) The drug or other substance has a potential for abuse lessthan the drugs or other substances in schedules I and II.(B) The drug or other substance has a currently acceptedmedical use in treatment in the United States.(C) Abuse of the drug or other substance may lead to moderateor low physical dependence or high psychological dependence.(4) Schedule IV. -(A) The drug or other substance has a low potential for abuserelative to the drugs or other substances in schedule III.(B) The drug or other substance has a currently acceptedmedical use in treatment in the United States.(C) Abuse of the drug or other substance may lead to limitedphysical dependence or psychological dependence relative to thedrugs or other substances in schedule III.(5) Schedule V. -(A) The drug or other substance has a low potential for abuserelative to the drugs or other substances in schedule IV.(B) The drug or other substance has a currently acceptedmedical use in treatment in the United States.(C) Abuse of the drug or other substance may lead to limitedphysical dependence or psychological dependence relative to thedrugs or other substances in schedule IV.and the spelled marijuana wrong in the law; (10) Marihuana so it not technically illegal in some sense but that probably won't hold up in court.
59555689
Attorney General Eric Holder said at a press conference Wednesday that the Justice Department will no longer raid medical marijuana clubs that are established legally under state law. His declaration is a fulfillment of a campaign promise by President Barack Obama, and marks a major shift from the previous administration.After the inauguration, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) continued to carry out such raids, despite Obama’s promise. Holder was asked if those raids represented American policy going forward.“No,” he said. “What the president said during the campaign, you’ll be surprised to know, will be consistent with what we’ll be doing in law enforcement. He was my boss during the campaign. He is formally and technically and by law my boss now. What he said during the campaign is now American policy.”http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/02/26/holder-vows-to-end-raids_n_170119.html
19086571
What? He doesn't even say legalization of all drugs.the video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0IpiATxdR4And he does mention marijuana. He says that the latest gallup poll shows that america favors legalization of marijuana, and then asks obama what his opinion on the people's views towards marijuana legalization, and a general change in opinion on drug policies.
10403673
Bottom line is that driving drunk, texting while driving, and driving under the influence of marijuana are all illegal and all impair your ability to drive a car. Having a BAC of .2 is worse than driving high in most cases, but that doesn't make driving high good.
16988578
Great question.Federal law overruling of state law occurs under what is called the Supremacy Doctrine, which itself arises out of the [Supremacy Clause](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supremacy_Clause).The relevant part states:*"This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; ... shall be the supreme law of the land."*In other words, constitutional laws passed by Congress are considered Supreme and trump state laws. The Tenth Amendment retains power for the states that is not otherwise granted to Congress. Congress' laws are presumed valid unless proven otherwise, so that's where this situation comes from.If marijuana regulation would be declared an unconstitutional exercise of federal power, then state laws would become supreme until another federal law came into being (if it ever did). Until then, federal law trumps.
68495782
I would, but only if pot was legal on the moon.edit: which reminds me of "the three stigmata of palmer eldritcth" by phillip k. dick, in which there are mars colonists who get by only with the help on an interstellar space drug called "chew-z" if I recall correctly...but I digress.
46744741
That Im a huge pot head. But thats extremely not true at all. In fact I cant stand the stuff. But that doesnt mean Im against it being legal.
27019005
"Not to my knowledge"Cop: "I smell the sent of marijuana, I now have reasonable cause to search your car/person"He finds something and the "reasonable cause" makes it admissible in court and not a false accusation; He doesn't find anything and lets you go, after wasting your time. Whether he "smelt" something or not is all up to him, how do you avoid that situation?
38143149
CBIS, HEMP, PHOT, MJNA, GRNH, MWIP, ERBB, XCHC, GWPRF, COIN, RIGH, FSPM, RFMK, MDBX.....these are 14 marijuana stocks to watch if Marijuana becomes legal. Yes, I'm aware thes are all OTC penny stocks.
36573181
I think the people who say the prison system is running wild are more concerned with things like people who get a few years of prison for getting caught with weed. They're not upset that people who deserve to be in prison are in prison. Least, I'm not.
46529407
I completely understood the connection you were trying to make, there just wasn't any sense in the connection. And I think you're missing the point, the argument isn't what's immoral, it the law that is immoral. And I don't know about you, but all of my morals are based on facts and my understanding of those facts. So you enjoy marijuana, but think that a law preventing its enjoyment is moral even though you are not bringing any danger to anyone around you. So it stands to reason that if you think the law is moral, the act it prevents must be immoral. So either you didn't think that through or you just have no reasoning skills.
34278884
When I was 16, with only a learner's permit, I stole my dad's car and went for a joyride one night. Me and a friend, riding around at midnight, with cheap champagne and an ounce of weed. In a rather upscale part of town, I suddenly saw I was running a red light and slammed on the brakes, coming to a screeching halt in the middle of an intersection. We looked over to see -- a cop car sitting there watching the whole thing. He followed me all the way home (2 miles) and left when he saw me in the driveway. Jebus. I had to remove the car seat cover from my anus.
17065578
> "I'm not in favor of you smoking pot, but if you get caught smoking pot, I don't want to put you in jail for 20 years"THANKS OBAMA for sending me to jail for 20 years for smoking pot one time
55265312
So many things wrong with what you're saying.1. That sexual predators aren't convicted often: false2. That marijuana users are often/always convicted: also false3. That vigilante justice is OK because of a supposedly broken legal system: false4. That killing someone for a crime *in any circumstance* is ok: false
42270596
I'm pretty certain it's very easy to get one in Denver, not that I plan on ever going to an abortion clinic. It's easy enough to buy marijuana legally ($75 for a perscription at almost any of the many dispensaries). I'm not really sure though; I've only lived here 2 months now.
87898602
I don't know that doctors will be any more willing to sign up medical cannabis patients, since the legal ramifications of what happens to that cannabis they prescribed is on the doctor. Do you know any doctors that are willing to lose their medical license on the off chance that the patient they're helping does something stupid?
37496889
> The Olympics are supposed to be a moment to transcend our national struggles and come together in celebration of universal effort and achievement.Really? I remember being told that in grade school. I think it was the same day they told me that pot makes you kill babies and not to talk about Santa Claus in front of the other kids.Grown ups ALWAYS question oppressive regimes like China, the Bush Administration and Putin & Co(tm) in any setting. I won't fault any Olympian for taking a photo op with a war criminal President, but think of the powerful statement it would have made if they refused.
87044533
It's sort of an argument through absurdity. If alcohol and cigarettes are legal, substances that are much more harmful then marijuana, then there is no reason that marijuana shouldn't be legal...or alcohol and cigarettes should be outlawed. I'm of the opinion that everything should be legal, regardless of how much it hurts you personally.
64187700
Why is marijuana a schedule 1 drug?(1) Schedule I. -(B) The drug or other substance has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States.(C) There is a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug or other substance under medical supervision.(5) Schedule V. -(B) The drug or other substance has a currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States.(C) Abuse of the drug or other substance may lead to limited physical dependence or psychological dependence relative to the drugs or other substances in schedule IV.Source: http://www.fda.gov/regulatoryinformation/legislation/ucm148726.htm
52626936
"The fact is today, people don't go to jail for the possession of marijuana," Walters alleged on C-Span. "Finding somebody in jail or prison for possession of marijuana is like finding a unicorn. It doesn't exist."That's our drug czar saying this. Holy shit. I'm pretty sure the average 12 year old knows that our jails are full of marijuana users. A very good personal friend of mine is in jail for possessing medical marijuana. I'll be damned, I know a unicorn.Contact the ONDCP and ask them if this fact is true, then tell them they need to inform their boss.Drug Policy Information ClearinghouseP.O. Box 6000Rockville, MD 20849-6000Phone: (800) 666–3332Fax: (301) 519–5212Oh, and in case you're wondering, here's the reason John Walters has his job. You guessed it. Iran-Contra.http://www.conspiracydigest.com/dirtysecrets.html*edit:This is freaking classic. From http://www.whitehousedrugpolicy.gov/publications/whos_in_prison_for_marij/beyond_the_claims.pdf."It would be wrong to suggest that simple possessionoffenders never see the inside of a prison cell. Sometimes they do, of course."OF COURSE!
57829732
I apologize, I really wasn't trying to suggest Joseph Smith wrote the book because I know you don't believe that. I meant to include another sentence in there but lost my train of thought a bit. I didn't realize that what was said about the church was supposedly from God in the First Vision. I think that 1 Nephi 13 in light of the First Vision would suggest that the entire Christian church was corrupted as soon as it brought in the Gentiles. Supposedly God said, "all religious denominations were believing in incorrect doctrines, and that none of them was acknowledged of God as his church and kingdom."All churches and their professors were "corrupt", and "all their creeds were an abomination in his sight.As a confessional Lutheran who confesses the historic creeds of the Christian church this is troublesome, especially since the creeds are based on scripture. I have trouble understanding how people think God would just let things run amuck for almost 2000 years in the church that he founded. Why found a church and have that preach the gospel to the Gentiles only to have the whole thing go to pot?
27881977
No one is saying alcohol should be illegal. By making alcohol legal and marijuana illegal they have set a standard for what people are capable of using and not abusing and what should be allowed for consumption and what shouldn't. However Alcohol is leagues worse than marijuana and so if that is the bar they have set than marijuana surely should be legal as well.
98926573
According to The National Center On Addiction And Substance Abuse at Columbia University. Deaths in the United States in a typical year are as follows: Tobacco kills about 400,000 Alcohol kills about 80,000 Workplace accidents kill 60,000 Automobiles kill 40,000 Cocaine kills about 2,500 Heroin kills about 2,000 Aspirin kills about 2,000 Marijuana kills 0 There has never been a recorded death due to marijuana at any time in US history. All illegal drugs combined kill under 20,000 per year, or a small percent of the number killed by alcohol and tobacco.Tobacco kills more people each year than all of the people killed by all of the illegal drugs in the last one hundred years.
79012500
In addition to this never happening, the only reason why it would happen is because it's illegal. If weed was legal and sold at WalMart, you know that its 100% weed. If you buy it from a dealer it will also be 100% weed, but teachers can say stupid shit about you not being sure.
43447955
But we couldn't know that it was a rightful murder (in self-defense) before he was convicted or acquitted. Therefore, he is innocent until proven guilty - just like with smoking pot. The act may be illegal, but simply committing the act isn't enough to be a criminal - you also have to be proven guilty in a court of law. A criminal is someone "guilty of a crime", and you aren't guilty until you're proven to be.
52491211
I officially fucking hate [Harry Anslinger](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_J._Anslinger). He's the one that started it all, why I can't toke legally. I don't care how righteous he must have felt at the time, he lied about marijuana. Worse than that, he bullshitted his way through it, he didn't care about the truth. I hate his fucking guts and I hope Satan is feeding on his entrails right now. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate *hate* him.
62954173
>but there's definitely people who are serving prison sentences or on trial for marijuana-related crimes who would be released or have their sentences reduced as a result of legalization.No. Unless it's somehow retroactive, it was a crime when they committed their offenses. Therefore, their sentences for those crimes will stand.
28634402
I love the "Not Major World News" tag. Say, three of the top ten news items right now are pothead bullshit (eg bumfuck uruguary to give prisoners marijuana), do you see "Not Major World News" on them?! nope. There's also, right now, the top item being about pastafarians in poland getting registered as a religion. Wooooo! That's super duper major world news!
43454788
>State law demands that only businesses who are already licensed for medical marijuana sales and are in "good standing" with the state can apply for a recreational license. Postlethwait said that there is a pool of roughly 550 medical marijuana dispensaries in Colorado that can apply for recreational sales licenses.[Source](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/21/worlds-first-recreational_n_4317190.html)It must have been a medical marijuana business beginning December 12 of last year.The specific wording of the law is:>Medical Marijuana Business Applying for a Retail Marijuana Establishment License. A Medical Marijuana Business in good standing or who had a pending application as of December 10, 2012 that has not yet been denied, and who has paid all applicable fees may apply for a Retail Marijuana Establishment license in accordance with the Retail Code and these rules on or after October 1, 2013. A Medical Marijuana Business meeting these conditions may apply to convert a Medical Marijuana Business license to a Retail Marijuana Establishment license or may apply for a single Retail Marijuana Establishment of the requisite class of license in the Medical Marijuana Code for each Medical Marijuana Business License not converted. [Found on page 22 of Colorado's Permanent Rules Pertaining to the Colorado Retail Marijuana code](http://www.colorado.gov/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheader=application%2Fpdf&blobkey=id&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1251883847085&ssbinary=true)
90097605
Cannabis is medicine... You might use it just to get high, but there are various illnesses that cannabis can help deal with not recognizing that is just ignorant. Sure we still need more research, but thats why were pushing for medical legalization.
94137549
Well, if you truly want to know I applaud you.1) Because, for example, Christianity has directly lead to killings, in the form of say, the crusades2) Because, for example, Christianity promotes so much fear in the guise of "Satan", directly leading to such intense extreme fear in people that they were willing to burn others to death as "pagans" and "witches" from the 1400-1700AD, and many Christians I know still fear "pagans" and "witches" today.3) Because, for example, Christians seem to fear direct experience. Easier to label others pagans and witches than explore the more rational truth that they were pioneers exploring consciousness using entheogens (*) to reboot the mind/ego. *hallucinigens... from the Greek "entheos" and "genesthai". "Entheos" meaning "Full of the god, inspired, possessed, "That which causes God to be within and individual". 4) Because these unchecked fears are the direct cause of science woefully failing to explore entheogens for medicinal and healing use, and instead immediately Schedule 1 them, directly leading to the US War on Drugs and imprisonment of its citizens. Witness the current assault on Salvia, which followed marijuana, peyote, psilocyben These fears demonize the shamans and mystics of cultures who use them.5) Because these fears deny all of us our very freedom of consciousness, of freedom of cognitive libertyhttp://www.cognitiveliberty.org/6) Because, it seems to me, Christians would rather take responsibility out of their hands (ala Satan) rather than the hard work of identifying and fixing long term deep seated emotional problems and fears that we all have. It seems many christians are afraid of meditation, because "demons" may enter. Yes, "demons" are fears, and yes, they will enter and that's OK.7) Because these deep seated fears are the cause of wars, prejudice, and homophobia, reducing civil rights and human rights for us all8) Because modern day Christianity seems to be mostly binary and deeply polarizing, and it has blinded not only religious zealots but scientific zealots. For example, it has caused many scientists-- Dawkins, Reddit atheists to adopt a similarly binary and deeply reactionary polarizing stance, such that science itself is now mostly useless and corrupted looking at all the wrong problems. Because Christianity and its overzealous missionaries have caused the pendulum to swing too far and caused a world of what I can only call extreme "science" -- a science that is no longer integral or whole, a science with a distain for philosophy. A science that for the most part ignores the study of consciousness as a "soft science" and not worthy as science. 9) Because Christianity (and reactionary science) promotes mostly Black and White literal non integral thinking. No shades of gray.10) Because Christianity (and reactionary science) cannot accept or understand 1 = 0. If you are a Christian or a scientist who understands, I apologize for the generalization.
29756253
I had a knife on my way in to the courthouse to pay a ticket. It was just a small one I forgot was in my bag. They let me go hide it in a bush so I could have it back after! Then when I left the courthouse I realized I had a dime bag of weed in my pocket the whole time. :|
15917252
And with the driving while high. People still drive high all the time and not many people are ever charged with driving while intoxicated or even pulled over for that matter. It is nothing like driving drunk and if I am high and am driving fine, they will have no clue and I wont be pulled over. If I'm driving recklessly or too high to drive and put someone else at risk I should be pulled over but people drive high daily and you dont see much of it on the news as opposed to drunk driving or driving on other legal drugs. Hell even a tobacco buzz impairs me more than weed when I drive.
34815297
Look at our entire prison system. People are going to prison for years for having a little pot on them. People are going to prison for years for downloading music. The prison population is insane. All it's doing is turning nonviolent offenders into violent people. Let's re-address some of these laws we have and their minimum punishments because they are insane.
22444026
I've made my own pills before. It can be an extreme pain in the butt to get dosages right. Although none of these substances will really punish you if you get a measurement slightly wrong, it could be disastrous if you're encapsulating something like caffeine or any compound with a small effective dose. For your situation, I wouldn't encapsulate all of them together. I don't know too much about Ashwagandha, but I do know that you can develop a tolerance to Rhodiola if you take it for too long continuously. The same is probably true for Ashwagandha, but you'll need to look into it to be sure. On the other hand, Bacopa is best when taken daily for a very long period of time (you probably won't even see any effects until 6-8 weeks down the road). I would pack the Bacopa by itself, and then maybe make another set of pills with Rhodiola + Ashwagandha. You could probably up the Rhodiola dose too if you do that. I've sometimes had to take up to 500 mg before I felt anything.
99761867
It's not legal to use in public so most people don't. The people who smoke all day err day have such a high tolerance you won't even be able to tell they are high. There's just a shit load of pot stores in some neghiborhoods, some have none. Nothing has really changed, the stoners are still smoking and the non smokers are still non smokers.
52749263
I had just gotten off work and was about to leave for a hookah bar to chill with my buddies. I had rolled 2 fatass schwag joints waiting in my car. I lit one up, turned on the car, turned off the AC, rolled the windows up and got on the highway. After finishing it off and then unsurprisingly missing my turn, I got off the highway, started to so a Uie but then just turned left and went down that road for a bit jamming to my music. After a couple songs I decide to turn around so I pull into the next parking lot to get back on the highway. I don't know if you've ever been to a courthouse/DPS at 10pm but apparently, a fuckload of cops are there and even more empty cars. So with a smoke filled car and another joint in my cup holder I slowly rolled through and got to the exit and made damn sure to blinker and wait 3 seconds at the stop sign. Probably the closest call I've ever had in terms of harshest punishment.
12865732
beer, hockey, poutine, parliament, beer, comedy, self-depreciating, basketball, Alexander Graham Bell, Blackberry, The Guess Who, beer, Mike Myers, legalized same-sex marriage, $2 coins, beer, Tim Horton's, tundra, whistler, Anne of Green Gables, Rush, semi-legalized pot and free health care.Not necessarily in that order.
32150968
Impaired driving ability - driving under the influence of cannabis is dangerous but is definitely downplayed. After alcohol, marijuana is the illicit drug most frequently reported in impaired driving and accidents, including fatal accidents.
59495291
What im saying is just because we make it doesnt mean were all felons. In the eyes of the law yes were felons but just because you make hash doesnt mean youre a bad person. Edit: and if youre in CO and own a gun your violating the law anyways so should you be brought to justice cause you smoke pot too?
34895128
What happens if the law is rooted in a farce? For instance, in the State of Indiana marijuana is illegal. It is illegal for the following reason: it is classified as a schedule I substance. It is classified as a schedule I substance for the following reasons: The substance (1) has high potential for abuse; and (2) has no accepted medical use in treatment in the United States or lacks accepted safety for use in treatment under medical supervision. (b) The board may recommend placement of a substance inschedule I under this chapter if it finds that the substance is classified as a controlled substance in schedule I under federal law.
67152128
Oh no it wasn't a destination, just passed it while getting a ride home. I have no problem with people using pot and I have said it should be legal, but I think all drugs should be legal and those that do dumb shit while on drugs should be punished for the dumb shit they do. To each their own I always say, if you aren't hurting anyone but yourself you should have that right.
62245645
I was arrested and even had the bag it was in, considered "paraphanelia". So I ended up getting a paraphanelia possession along with the marijuana posession charge itself, although usually one or the other is usually dropped in court. It seems now though people will just get hit with paraphenlia posession charges and simply have the bud confiscated instead, to still be criminally charged.
97706567
Look at my last bullet point. But I'll explain it again properly.Assuming alcohol and tobacco are, if taken in proportionally equal and excessive quantities, more harmful than cannabis (which is questionable). Alcohol and tobacco aren't illegal because of the standard of harm they cause. The reason that we are allowed to drink isn't because we don't consider alcohol to be harmful. They are legal because of history, tradition and civil development. This fact that they are an ingrained part of our culture overrules the harm that they do. Cannabis has not been legal since 1928, and even before then its use was not even comparable to tobacco or alcohol. It therefore doesn't have the "ingrained part of our culture" counterweight to the harm that it does. So, that alcohol and tobacco may do harm than cannabis is irrelevant because the reason they are legal is nothing to do with the harm they cause.
80665095
About 16, me and some friends were smoking a doobie in a dugout at the local park, which was closed. Suddenly, cop car pulls up, we duck in the dugout, and hear the police radio and squabble as they check out my friends truck. One friend, obviously high and paranoid, starts sobbing about going to jail, as I found during that moment he was on probation for breaking and entering, theft and a slew of other charges. I tell him to shut up, were scattering the rest of little pot we had in the dugout and dismantle our pop bottle bong. As were sitting there on the floor of the dugout we see the flashlight shine right in the goddamn dugout. We really start freaking out, and to top it off we "heard K-9's" (was just the neighborhood dogs barking) After what seemed to be an eternity we heard the cops doors close. We wait a few seconds and peek up, they drive off and start leaving the park. At that point we decide to bolt. My two friends run to the car to get the hell out of town, while I decide to bail on foot. As they pull away, I'm walking in the dark toward town, calling some friends to see if I could come hang out for a bit, as I lived in the boonies and had no way home. As I get halfway across the second baseball diamond I see the cop car driving down the access road in the park, scanning the park with their mounted spot lights. As they got close I figured I was had, until I had a great idea. As soon as the cops got close, and knowing the road was at a higher elevation than the baseball diamond I hit the ground. Flat as a stone, burying my face in the grass. As I laid there I see the spot light cruise over me, while they drive on. As they left the park, I got up, brushed off, and ran my high ass out of there to the closest friends house. Other guys never got caught either.
99676077
I think that would be pot heads. Or just anyone who doesn't think you should go to jail for smoking pot. Decriminalization and legalization are not the same, but it's safe to assume a candidate who supports Decriminalization will support legalization as well.
86826099
**"There is little if any evidence to indicate that drivers who have used marijuana alone are any more likely to cause serious accidents than drug free drivers. The results from driving simulator and closed-course tests indicate that THC in single inhaled doses up to 250 µg/kg has relatively minor effects on driving performance"** - *University of Sydney and National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre University of New South Wales* **"THC's effects on road-tracking after doses up to 300 µg/kg never exceeded alcohol's at BACs of 0.08; and, were in no way unusual compared to many medicinal drugs** - *University of Limburg, Netherlands* **"There was no evidence of any increase in the likelihood of being culpable for [automobile] crash[es] amongst those injured drivers in whom cannabinoids were detected"** - *University of Adelaide, South Australia* **"marijuana taken alone in moderate amounts does not significantly increase a driver's risk of causing an accident"** - *University of Toronto, Canada* **"In two studies with reasonable numbers of individuals who had only used cannabis, there was no clear evidence of increased culpability in these drivers."** - *The Lancet* **"No increased risk for road trauma was found for drivers exposed to cannabis"** - *Dutch National Road Safety Research Institute* **"Cannabis alone, particularly in low doses, has little effect on the skills involved in automobile driving"** - *Canadian Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs* **"The maximum impairment after the highest THC dose (300 ug/kg) was within a range of effects produced by many commonly used medicinal drugs and less than that associated with a blood alcohol concentration of 0.08"** - *U.S. Department of Transportation Study*
47701832
Law enforcement unions not so much. The people working in law enforcement, yeah they're definitely coming around. Unions don't want to see police departments lose the guaranteed funding they receive for policing weed. Simple as that. $$$
29795348
You're ignoring the fact that there are mothers out there that pay child support.Also, sometimes there ARE times where child support is fucked up. I remember my father paying child support for three kids when he could barely provide for himself, never mind when he got remarried and had another child. And my mother kept bringing him to court to have it raised. Meanwhile my stepfather made more than enough to provide for us, while my mother spent the child support money on weed because "That's her money".
80337989
Waht teh fukc ddi yuo juts fukcign sya buato em, yuo littel bicth? LIl haev yuo nowk I gradauaetd pot fo ym calss ni teh Yvan Saels, nda V'ie bene ivonlevd ni nuemruos seerct riads no La-Quaaed, nda I haev voer 030 cofirnmed skill. I ma teraind ni gurrielal waarrfe nda M'i teh pot nipser ni teh inteer SU aermd foercs. Yuo aer nohtign ot em tub juts aenohtr taergte. I lwil weip yuo teh fukc uot wiht preicsion teh lieks fo whhic sha neevr bene nees berfoe no tish Earht, ramk ym fukcign sword. Yuo tihnk yuo anc egt aawy wiht syaing taht siht ot em voer teh Ierntent? Tihnk aagin, fukcer. Sa ew spake I ma cotnactign ym seerct notwerk fo pseis croass teh SAU nda yoru PI si ebign craetd rihgt won os yuo beertt praepre fro teh torms, moggat. Teh torms taht sweip tuo teh patethic littel tihng yuo clal yuor leif. Yoe'ru fukcign daed, dik. I anc eb nyaweehr, nyateim, nda I anc klil yuo ni voer neevs uhnredd wyas, nda taht's juts wiht ym baer hadns. Ont oyln ma I eextinsevly tiraend ni uarmned cobmat, tub I haev acsecs ot teh inteer arsnael fo teh Unteid Staest Mainre Corsp nda I lwil sue ti ot sit lulf texten ot weip yuor meisarble sas fof teh faec fo teh conteinet, yuo littel siht. Fi oyln yuo culdo haev nowkn waht unyhol reubitrotin yuor littel ôcleevrö conmemt aws buato ot grinb dwon puon yuo, maeby yuo wuldo haev lehd yuor fukcign otueng. Tub yuo culdno't, yuo ddin't, nda won yoe'ru pyaing teh preic, yuo gomdand iidot. I lwil siht fyru lla oevr yuo nda yuo lwil rownd ni ti. Yoe'ru fukcign daed, ddiko.
34323762
>I don't see why they can't do the same thing and legalize marijuana.Many states are! But it'll take time for some states, a lot of time for a few. But I think leaving it to the states is the best option, just decriminalizing it on a federal level would be a great start.
36724570
Conspiracy Theorist is a term propogated by the CIA as part of their disinfo campaigns in the 50s and 60s. They also came up with the new Mexican sounding nickname of Marijuana when they prohibited cannabis. (At the time most US citizens hated their neighbors to the south) ... Words are powerful.
73831747
OWS doesn't need to succeed to get marijuana legalized. All we need is to pass H.R. 2306. If you guys in here got Brian Williams talking about H.R. 2306 on the Nightly News federal prohibition would already be repealed. You don't see the groundswell because NO ONE is talking about it. 5 comments and no one has mentioned H.R. 2306? It should be in EVERY post! Support H.R. 2306! Get other people to support H.R. 2306! Get other people to get other people to support H.R. 2306! Get major news networks talking about it! A good link to spread around: [http://pvox.co/CdiFqY](http://pvox.co/CdiFqY)
47115360
>As a state legislator in Texas he would have opposed the sodomy laws, as he has stated before. Sure, oppose them while defending the states right to deny basic civil liberties.>Do you think the glorious government should crack down on Washington and Colorado for cannabis, because you know FUCK STATE'S RIGHTS, RIGHT?Im in CO. There is a difference between states expanding on basic rights and denying basic constitutional rights. His son is still fighting to deny rights to gay people.
23630644
It's not saying that. Drug-induced violence means violence where the perpetrator is on drugs at the time. People are way more likely to assault someone drunk than on weed or heroin. Gang violence over turf is prohibition-induced violence, not drug-induced.
80149761
ATTENTION ALL REDDITORS: If you are charged with misdemeanor pot possession in Cook County know that the prosecutors will NOT be able to prove their case in court. They never force the chemists to come to court on misdemeanor pot cases because they are too busy. So, as long as you plead NOT GUILTY and refuse to STIPULATE to the laboratory tests, the states attorneys will dismiss the case. They will attempt to get you to plead guilty for drug school or some BS but don't. JUST PLEAD NOT GUILTY AND RUN.
21197249
Not sure amigo. I guess they have their PHD...Player Hater's Degree ☺ Some shroomers figure all this mycology should be FREE: free pizza, free beer, free education, free insurance, free weed, free gasoline, free enlightenment, rent free, free sex, free planet, free free free!http://s22.postimg.org/3rc4epi4x/nasa_earth.jpghttp://s17.postimg.org/62na18man/family_guy_legalise_marijuana.jpg
51800325
If an officer claims to smell marijuana in your car and requests a search, can that be considered probable or reasonable cause for the officer to act? Odor obviously cannot be proven beyond a reasonable doubt, making it your word against the cop's if he were to find anything - whether he told the truth about the scent or not.In my small town, the bullying police officers always seem to use that tactic (whether there is actually marijuana to be smelled or not.)Also, along the same lines, what constitutes a "search"? Is it legal for a cop to shine his flashlight into your car without consent?
67775081
If you live in MD, you're subject to their laws. A MD cop that pulls you over in MD and finds weed on you will charge with possession of a drug that is illegal in MD. They're not going to let you slide just because you live closer to DC than other people in MD.
77733896
23 here and on a very similar path. Just make sure you go out and do other activities related to shared or personal interests. If you find yourself staying at home and never deviating from heading back and forth between work/home, then you may want to look for interesting opportunities to socialize or experience new things. (without drinking or smoking of course)I get invited to parties multiple times a week, asked to smoke weed daily (just legalized here in WA), and I'm not interested in any of it. I'm finishing my degree and enjoying learning and experiencing new things every day with a clear mind. I know a lot of people who drink every weekend (or multiple) times a week and they're some of the most boring people I've ever met. They do the same things every week and never stray from what's comfortable for them. They think they're living it up, but as a sober observer, and friend, I've just had to let them go.
57100684
Really now smoking weed every day is great for the lungs and cures cancer... >Numerous studies have shown marijuana smoke to contain carcinogens and to be an irritant to the lungs. In fact, marijuana smoke contains 50-70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco smoke. Marijuana users usually inhale more deeply and hold their breath longer than tobacco smokers do, which further increase the lungs' exposure to carcinogenic smoke. Marijuana smokers show dysregulated growth of epithelial cells in their lung tissue, which could lead to cancer;6 however, a recent case-controlled study found no positive associations between marijuana use and lung, upper respiratory, or upper digestive tract cancers.7 Thus, the link between marijuana smoking and these cancers remains unsubstantiated at this time. >Nonetheless, marijuana smokers can have many of the same respiratory problems as tobacco smokers, such as daily cough and phlegm production, more frequent acute chest illness, and a heightened risk of lung infections. A study of 450 individuals found that people who smoke marijuana frequently but do not smoke tobacco have more health problems and miss more days of work than nonsmokers.8 Many of the extra sick days among the marijuana smokers in the study were for respiratory illnesses. You're wrong and lying... So if you are going to have an opinion on something, please know what you're talking about before you say anything
41011990
Everyone dies. Let's outlaw death! Death is to blame for death! No more death! Who wants to sign my petition to ban all death? Death has been responsible for death since the beginning of time! Did you know that out of 3 million people born 100% died after a while and the main cause of their death was death! Death must go! Did you know death was created to cause death? It's insane. But even in 2014 here we are still allowing death to occur. It's like nobody even cares! We must stand against death and smoke weed so pro-death people will notice. Occupy death rally this week!! See you all at the park! Bring a frisbee we gonna have a disc golf demo! ! ! ! ! This is what anti-death looks like!! The whole world is watching! The whole world is watching!
54963076
Dont have to do anything with this. Its fucking stupid to think pot is magic. It should be legal, jes, but it is not a fucking wonderdrug. If it is legal, you should teach people and kids to dont do it, because they will think it will have no negative effects.
12135885
Smokers are jokers. Faggots who smoke pot should receive a swift death penalty. FUCK pot smokers. FUCK them in their disease ridden ASSHOLES with a fucking 16 inch NIGGER DILDO.
97858584
The Supreme Court holds that the 10th Amendment states a truism and adds nothing in and of itself to the Constitution. The Supremacy Clause of Article 6 of the Constitution establishes Federal Law as "the supreme law of the land." Where federal and state laws are in conflict, Federal law takes precedence where the federal government had acted within the scope of its powers. Federal law trumps state law in areas where the federal government has the power to legislate, this being one of them. The Supreme Court has rarely held anything unconstitutional on 10th amendment grounds, one of he only exceptions being where the federal government has attempted to compel the states to enforce federal statutes. This is important here because the federal government cannot force, say the Denver Police Department, to enforce federal marijuana laws. Marijuana remains illegal federally in all states, however the federal government must use its own agencies to enforce those laws, which it has been unwilling to do under this administration, but could easily do under another.
20518610
Weed isn't a culture. It is a plant and substance. How shitty is your terrible life that you have to connect with people over weed?Meth users don't lie about why they would support meth legalization or pretend that using meth makes them better than other people or talk about fucking meth all day and make shitty pseudonyms about meth. No "methpartofwakingup" or "heavy-methal" on reddit.
64304888
>I had the humorous idea of reddit-style legislation/constant voting, that I still think has some merit if it were done correctly.I can picture it now* H.R. 1336 - Vote up if you think we should legalize marijuana* H.R. 1337 - I can haz science funding? [pic]* H.R. 1338 - Vote up to try Bush for warcrimes
31948294
So, at what point are people going to stop trying to pretend like weed isn't really a drug, and nobody is actually addicted to it? I love weed, and I'm for the legalization of all drugs. But, let's try to deal with reality, shall we?
97704273
She tried to transport drugs to said society. A drug that a lot of people OD on, a drug that for the most part, ruins people's lives. She wasn't transporting weed. I get that at this point her going jail doesn't really solve anything, but can we please stop acting like she didn't do anything wrong at all.
19007643
I support marijuana legalization, but these kinds of polls are pointless. We've seen that [a majority reject evolution](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2005/10/22/opinion/polls/main965223.shtml), [a majority believe in ghosts](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2007/10/12/politics/main3362530.shtml?tag=contentMain;contentBody) and that [a majority expect Obama to lose re-election](http://www.langerresearch.com/uploads/1128a1Re-electionExpectations.pdf). There are a lot of valid reasons for marijuana legalization, but majority rule has never been a good indicator of anything.
68307395
Those people are non-violent offenders serving short sentences and non-violent first time offenders. The guy smoking weed behind the 7-11, the drunk driver (first offense) or the petty shoplifter. That is who is doing that.
33576826
"Local law enforcement agencies rely heavily on the drug war for funding. Police departments are often able to keep a large portion of the assets they seize during drug raids, even if charges are never brought. And federal grants for drug war operations make up a sizable portion of local law enforcement funding."The real reason marijuana is still illegal. Money.
53520325
> If weed was legal is seriously doubt I would have become such a raging alcoholic.I sort of feel the same way. I probably wouldn't have gotten such a drinking problem. Instead I'd be a lazy pothead. Personally, I don't think that's much better.
10638340
Waited to see how you were going to link pot legalization and tipping your waiter. It was a stretch, but you worked it.That said, even though you earn less than minimum wage, the restaurant is legally obligated to pay you the difference if the amount of tips you earn for that pay period is less than minimum wage based on the amount of hours that you work. So it's a little bit dishonest to claim that if someone doesn't tip you that you'll bring home less than minimum wage because the *least* you'll bring home is minimum wage.That said I **always** tip well because minimum wage is pretty much slavery wages anyway.
86842688
**"There is little if any evidence to indicate that drivers who have used marijuana alone are any more likely to cause serious accidents than drug free drivers. The results from driving simulator and closed-course tests indicate that THC in single inhaled doses up to 250 µg/kg has relatively minor effects on driving performance"** - *University of Sydney and National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre University of New South Wales* **"THC's effects on road-tracking after doses up to 300 µg/kg never exceeded alcohol's at BACs of 0.08; and, were in no way unusual compared to many medicinal drugs** - *University of Limburg, Netherlands* **"There was no evidence of any increase in the likelihood of being culpable for [automobile] crash[es] amongst those injured drivers in whom cannabinoids were detected"** - *University of Adelaide, South Australia* **"marijuana taken alone in moderate amounts does not significantly increase a driver's risk of causing an accident"** - *University of Toronto, Canada* **"In two studies with reasonable numbers of individuals who had only used cannabis, there was no clear evidence of increased culpability in these drivers."** - *The Lancet* **"No increased risk for road trauma was found for drivers exposed to cannabis"** - *Dutch National Road Safety Research Institute* **"Cannabis alone, particularly in low doses, has little effect on the skills involved in automobile driving"** - *Canadian Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs* **"The maximum impairment after the highest THC dose (300 ug/kg) was within a range of effects produced by many commonly used medicinal drugs and less than that associated with a blood alcohol concentration of 0.08"** - *U.S. Department of Transportation Study*
87854393
>I'd personally be a bit leery of anyone who thought that it was unmanly to know how to cook more than pot noodles or baked beans...I do agree with you here. I am more retro than metro, and I grill outdoors, weather permitting, for the entire family once a weekend-- steaks, burgers, chicken, shrimp, ribs, potatoes, manly stuff like that. I also will sometimes cook something exotic or foreign inside, like Chinese or Indian, or hand-made pizza.
82506262
Right. Should we also allow companies to fire or discriminate against hiring employees who take other prescription medication, or who vote a certain way, or who drink alcohol outside of work? All of those don't affect an employees performance while on the job and workers are protected against that kind of discrimination. Why shouldn't they be protected from marijuana use outside of work if its legal? Just because it can be tested for easily and cheaply and it stays in your system for 30+ days?
82122140
Which actually brings up a good point, perhaps the economic gain isn't as great because alcohol sales decrease? https://www.leafly.com/news/headlines/how-have-alcohol-sales-been-impacted-since-cannabis-legalizationTo which appears you may be right about increased impact on productivity. I thought perhaps there would be a wash where there would be less drinkers and more pot heads thus no real change but it turns out it might not actually. That also might be because people have smoked weed all along.
27204237
Fox News is notorious for the spread of misinformation, and, because of this, I cannot see it as a legitimate news source. However, Fox News and the Fox Business Channel have two shows, Freedom Watch w/ Judge Nopalitano and Stossel w/ John Stossel, and both of these shows often argue for the legalization of marijuana or the end of the drug war. Fox News sucks, but I have to give them credit for tackling the end of the Drug War w/ more reason and effort than CNN, MSNBC, or any other major news network. Biased? Yes. But isn't it nice when Fox is biased on our side?
37473793
Well there is the Single Convention on Psychotropic Drugs, an international treaty that many countries have signed, which makes marijuana illegal. But not all countries are even part of it - Bolivia has withdrawn from the treaty for example.
83505793
Literally the same thing. Never invested, only have read about PHOT here or there but I always assumed they were one of the legitimate weed penny stocks. It's funny you say that though. I feel the same about TRTC, know nothing about it but for some reason I have it in my head that they're a legit, slow moving, long holding, weed stock. I'm not "invested" in them though. I prefer the gambles.
98019394
>If an officer claims to smell marijuana in your car and requests a search, can that be considered probable or reasonable cause for the officer to act?Yes.>Also, along the same lines, what constitutes a "search"? Is it legal for a cop to shine his flashlight into your car without consent?Yes; that's the plain view doctrine.>In my small town, the bullying police officers always seem to use that tactic (whether there is actually marijuana to be smelled or not.)You should complain and take them to court.
61534584
They changed the rules for the dispensary. I just read it in the dispensary section of the OMMP website. I had it explained in simple terms to me today on the phone by OMMP also. If you're dispensary is letting folks into their facility without an actual current card it is now illegal. EDIT: This is from the new dispensary section of OMMP. Q. Who can purchase or receive medical marijuana from a dispensary?A. Medical marijuana can only be dispensed to patients and caregivers who present a current and valid Oregon Medical Marijuana Program card and photo identification. No other sales or transfers are authorized. Also this:For PatientsQ. What will I need in order to be dispensed medical marijuana from a dispensary?A. You will need to present your current and valid Oregon Medical Marijuana Program card and photo identification.
74223191
I don't care what your high on. You shouldn't be high, talking on the phone, distracted in any way whatsoever while driving a car. Driving high on pot is illegal for a reason it does impair your driving. You are just making assumptions about what I know personally or don't but this is irrelevant to the discussion... the fact is that being high impairs your driving.
19097062
> Arresting people for possession brings in incomeWhich is offset by the costs of prosecution and incarceration. Do you know how much it costs to arrest, try and jail one offender? In 2005, it was $23,000 PER DAY!That's over $800,000 per year per person incarcerated. Even for simple possession. I can guarantee you that the average pot bust 'netted' the state less than $100.00Now they get a savings of $800,000 per year per person and they get a 'net' per person of 2.9% on every dollar then spend on legal pot. So yes, State Income is way, way up!
49881254
100% who plead get convicted. The percent who don't are those who win in trial or get a case dismissed.The reason for high conviction rates is because prosecutors give maximum statutory sentences if you take it to trial and lose.Some people have criticized this as making most defendants ignore their right to trial.Say your a first time offender for marijuana or something and they offer you a year and you want to go to trial and then they threaten to give you 10 if you go to trial.. You would plead guilty even if you were innocent right?The federal courts can also suppress and disallow evidence that state courts cannot.
11912751
What's interesting here isn't just that Bitcoin is being used, but how:>The special sauce that sets apart Tokken is that every transaction will be recorded on the ledger underlying the Bitcoin system — known as the blockchain. Because transactions on the blockchain are irrevocable, pot dispensaries and banks will have a reliable and complete record of all Tokken transactions, including the specifics of each transaction — without requiring any Bitcoins to change hands (a tiny portion of a Bitcoin will be sent between Tokken accounts in order to record the transaction on the blockchain).>>Mr. Zarrad hopes that the transparency offered by Tokken’s blockchain backbone will make banks feel comfortable opening up accounts for the start-up. He is planning to approach some of the banks he previously regulated and is hoping that his background will convince them that he understands the compliance issues they are facing.
35780875
He does need probable cause. Pulling you over for speeding or whathaveyou does not constitute probable cause. Now, the cop can say "Hmm I smell weed." or pull out a drug dog and cause it to look like it got a "hit", but that then takes it out of your hands. Basically, if you say no, the cop has no right to search your car without at least making something up. And if he makes something up that can be challenged in court (and if won, the evidence will get thrown out). If you say "go right ahead" anything the cop finds can and will be used against you no matter what.
83582824
Indica is specifically a part of the cannabis sativa genus. Better explanation from the wiki:"Cannabis indica, formally known as Cannabis sativa forma indica, is an annual plant in the Cannabaceae family."So "cannabis sativa" in the language of the law covers sativa, indica, and hybrids.
77164035
Not sure about there, would like to assume like California at midnight. So already. Here we can't legally buy it, since no licensed stores exist but you can receive it as a gift if you're 21+. So you can buy a cool container from someone. And they van give you weed as a thank you gift 😋
98568990
Marijuana does not fund the Mexican Drug War - Marijuana Prohibition does.If they would legalize it - no one would have to shoot anyone to get it - or control its sale. The only reason they fight over it, is because by making it illegal we make it insanely profitable. Legalize it - and the profit goes away.Amazing to me how quickly people forget alcohol prohibition, and [The St. Valentine's day Massacre](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Valentine%27s_Day_massacre). As soon as they repealed prohibition, the wars over control of the distribution of alcohol stopped. Prohibition, led to massive corruption, and organized crime, and continued marijuana prohibition is doing the same thing today.
61937211
I would like to point out that you are never obligated to consent to any search by law enforcement, unless it is on a traffic stop and the Officer has probable cause for a search. The Officer can only perform a pat down for weapons, but needs a search warrant to search your person or belongings. I am assuming the Officer asked to search your backpack and you said "yes". Otherwise, it was an illegal search and seizure. If it went to trial you could suppress the contraband as evidence because it was illegally seized. So many people do not know their rights under the constitution. Unless the Officer has a warrant, you can say "I do not consent to any searches." On traffic stops, if an Officers smells an odor of marijuana, he can conduct a search of the vehicle without your consent. Any other time, they MUST have a search warrant!!
13639180
"Bitcoin and the unbankables"Many people in the first world are unbankable - banks don't want to do business with them, they can't get a credit card or a loan because of their profession (adult actors), the business they run (medicinal marijuana stores), or their history (bankruptcies). Similar, there is a new strain of unbankables - the Bitcoin businesses. Despite complying with all regulations, many Bitcoin businesses can't get a bank account or have their current ones shut down.Banks are needed to function in today's world - to transfer money, to hold money, etc. Cutting people off from the banking services is like cutting them from the utilities.Since Bitcoin is an inclusive technology, it allows the unbankable to do everything the banking sector offers without the fear of being shut down, without the fees or red tape. This should be the core of the story - talking about how Bitcoin solves the problems of the unbankables and how banks impose their agenda on the money.
39594604
Look, it really is very simple. If you infringe on a human right then it is criminal; if not then not. I have a right to freedom, the law against weed infringes on that right. Every human right comes at the expense of a freedom. In exchange for the right to not be stolen from you give up the freedom to steal; in exchange for the right to not be assaulted you give up the freedom to assault, in exchange for the right to have sex with anyone you like you give up the freedom of denying another their choice (obviously necessitating mutual consent), in exchange for the right to speak you give up the freedom to gag another, etc. Every actual right we have follows this simple formula (life is not a right, we all eventually lose it, but defending it IS a right). And laws exist to protect our rights, otherwise they are not valid. What right does the law against weed protect?
30479495
[Civil rights, antiwar "hippies" and black people in general.](http://harpers.org/archive/2016/04/legalize-it-all/)From John Erlichman:>“The Nixon campaign in 1968, and the Nixon White House after that, had two enemies: the antiwar left and black people. You understand what I’m saying? We knew we couldn’t make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news. Did we know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did.”
61010783
> How could you have any sort of functional society if your rights could be taken away by the whim of some dictator or a vote of society?For an example I will point out.... every society that ever existed or ever will exist. How long do you think you would live if society decided you have no right to life? Your right is absolutely dependent on the collective will of society. Mosquitoes do not have that right, because we have not granted it to them. Domesticated animals have a shadow of that right, because we have chosen to give it to them.> I take it you don't believe in any sort of natural rights.I don't even know what natural rights are, and I wager you don't either.> Why do we need to agree on them as a society? Why is what the majority thinks the best/right thing to do? History shows time and time again the great flaw in this line of thinking...Outside of culture the idea of a best or right action has no meaning. There is no objective standard we can point to. I can agree with you that the certain laws of certain societies were flawed and not the best or right thing to do without claiming that my opinion is based on an objective standard that doesn't exist. The people in the societies you spoke of were likely just as sure as you are that their ideas of right and wrong were objective truth. That is the danger of pretending to knowledge we don't have. Do you doubt that people in some societies would see your economic ideas as barbaric? Society improves through open dialog and the exchanging of ideas.> I believe only what I can rationalize for myself.I have not seen you rationalize anything. What is the rationalization for natural rights, and how did you select the rights to go in that category. You claimed that we should not allow them to be dictated by monarchs or determined by society, yet you turned to the founding fathers as your only support.> But if society (or dictator, or whoever), dictated that these in fact were not rights, would you accept that and move on?No, I would not. I have my own ideas of right and wrong, and I would continue to advocate for them if I were able. Rejecting an objective standard does not mean that I don't think some ways of doing things work better than others. I believe for various reasons that smoking pot ought to be legal, and I will advocate for that. But for today we don't have that right because society has withheld it. (The details of why I believe it should be legal would take us off course, but I would be happy to discuss it in a different thread if you wish. For this discussion the important thing is that I base it on subjective values that are almost universally held.)> As I've expressed above, I do believe in natural rights.You are continuing to make self-referential arguments. Where do natural rights come from? If you have no answer to this then we have no basis for discussion. Are you a theist who believes they are sent from God? Then I have no answer without entering a discussion of theology. I would be more than willing, but do not want to launch off topic if this is not the case. Do you think there is some other origin? Then tell me what it is and we can discuss it. But I don't know how to respond to the idea that natural rights must exist because without them we would have no natural rights.> Could you elaborate more on where you think rights come from?I don't think I can improve much on [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateAChristian/comments/i3n3j/are_beliefs_a_choice/c21aarx) post I made in another discussion. (At least not without more time than I have ATM.)I believe rights come from those in power because I see no other place for them to come from. That doesn't mean I don't wish it were otherwise. But I also know that pretending an objective authority exists when it does not will cause intellectual and moral stagnation. We can't get better if we don't change, and we can't change if we pretend our current point of view represents objective truth. I guess we can't get worse either, but I don't want to live in fear and denial.
33483255
We wouldn't need so many prisons if we didn't give people hard time for marijuana-related crimes and petty theft. Prison should be a place for murderers, attempted murderers, armed burglars (which in many cases are also charged with one or both of the first two), rapists, and crimes related to real drugs like cocaine, H, etc.
14718317
I think more of us are libertarian than we realize.At least from people I've talked to- most conservatives are conservative for fiscal/economic reasons, and most liberals are liberal for social reasons.I agree. I'm more for smaller government, more economic freedom, but I don't like being classified solely as republican/conservative because of their views on social issues like gay marriage, abortion, legalization of marijuana, etc.
44209131
Psychedelics are really about all I'm interested in. I recently discovered booze after a long tenure in prudishness, and it's just fantastic. I think weed and shrooms look like a hell of a lot of fun, but I kinda want to pace myself so I don't do anything stupid and I also really don't want to get arrested.
76953722
Back in the late 80's as I was working at about 3 am in a knitting mill in a small town with my buddy and we're alone staring out the window bored. All of a sudden this guy comes running out of the apartment about 100 ft away with a couple of old open cardboard boxes. He literally throws them without looking into the back seat of his car slams the door and runs around and jumps into the drivers seat and rips out of there tires spinning. All this is in the span of about 15 seconds including the time of coming down the stairs of the building he was in.About 40 seconds later the house is surrounded by about 5 police cars with their blues all on and they proceed to surround the house, pounding on the door of the apartment he came out of and shining flashlights into the window.Found out the next day from the grapevine the guy was selling small amounts of weed and it was a drug bust and someone had called him less than 3 minutes before the bust was supposed to happen and if he had been even 30 seconds later he would have been arrested. We just stood there looking out the windows of the factories second floor staring for like 10 minutes before we remembered, "we were baked", that the knitting machines were still running.
72499018
Why is this in /r/jobs? This is sensationalist nonsense, has nothing to do with job advice, job market, etc.If it's against company policy to fail a drug test for marijuana metabolites, then you lose your job if you fail the test. Most states are at-will so you can lose your job for any or no reason, as long as it doesn't include discrimination, and last time I checked, having some pain doesn't count as a disability.Marijuana being legal means she's not arrested for possession, that's it.
75335641
The problem I see with that is the fact that there are some legitimate medical uses that have NOTHING to do with recreational use. There are several strains that have virtually none of the compounds that get you high, but are extremely effective at reducing anxiety, treating seizure disorders, etc.It seems ridiculous to punish patients who could actually benefit from the medicinal properties of marijuana by refusing to decouple recreational use from legitimate medical uses.
21276068
I get plenty of weed the way it is-- illegal. It wouldn't make it any easier for me to get weed, but it would make it a *lot* harder for me to get booze. I love weed and only like booze, but I think the cons outweigh the pros.
59053699
I agree that the number of possession cases is only going to increase in the foreseeable future, and I also agree that the court system is very overburdened.However, if marijuana defendants know they have a solid chance at a nullification, they will begin to opt for jury trials. Remember, it is the defendants, not the prosecutors or courts, that decide what goes to trial and what doesn't.
82413338
http://books.nap.edu/openbook.php?record_id=6376&page=6>In the sense that marijuana use typically precedes rather than follows initiation of other illicit drug **it is indeed a "gateway" drug**. But because underage smoking and alcohol use typically precede marijuana use, marijuana is not the most common, and is rarely the first, "gateway" to illicit drug use.
60261657
[This isn't true](http://reason.com/blog/2012/11/06/is-dare-really-dropping-marijuana-from-i).Edit: [One more article](http://www.examiner.com/article/dare-to-drop-the-marijuana-curriculum) has popped up in Google News results. It cites a pro-legalization website called Toke of the Town as its only source of information. And [the article on Toke of the Town](http://www.tokeofthetown.com/2012/11/dare_curriculum_drops_marijuana.php) cites... yep. You got it. This very article on KNDU's site.**Where is DARE's official statement?**
83681234
One might have mentioned that arrests for "drug abuse" (including marijuana but also heroin, cocaine, meth, etc.) fell as well, to 1,702,537.This is the Drugs subreddit, after all.
27425564
The gold bud and the red bud I was getting in the mid 1970s was *amazing*. I'm sure the cultivated strains are just as good today, but I live in a state where I can't get that. And I'm old, with no good connections, so I've only been able to get sleepy dirtweed. So from my perspective the potency has gone down. I wish I lived in a state where I could buy good weed legally.
71788971
I never actually said that. All I was implying is my stance is neutral regarding the controversial over weed. Don't make unnecessarily assumptions like that, it just makes you sound like a tool. And may I add it's consider a logical fallacy to assume that I'm satisfied with laws never being changed and "fine how they are?" solely off of my statement. Please use your head.
63576305
Me personally I didn't really give a fuck in highschool. I mean I tried grade 9 and 10. In my high school if you missed class there was an automated system that called your home phone and my parents would give me shit if I did it. Once I was 18 I was allowed to change the home number, I ended up skipping quite a bit of class because I tried to take a lot of classes at the same time to get ready for university and it was overwhelming. Also would smoke a bit of weed at the time...Once I finished grade 12 I returned for a victory lap because I didn't know what I wanted to do for my future.In the end I went to do a 3 year program at college for marine engineering. Currently in my third year, on coop and I managed to get a crew position as engineer position making about $350 CAD a day. Once I actually graduate I write my 4th class engineer ticket and end up making around $400 a day to start.To sum it up I think I didn't really give a fuck in high school once I figured out about skipping classes. Also doing classes I had absolute no interest in.College turned out to be a great experience and I was legitimately interested in every course as it all related to marine engineering. Hope this kind of helped and I apologize for lack of grammar. Tired and typing on phone haha
21237505
Why would the same need to apply? I would argue that the legal age for marijuana use should be higher than for the other two, simply because the risk of marijuana use upon legalisation and higher average use would be much worse.
36485536
I vote for: Not going to war whenever we can, possible legalization of marijuana, getting rid of profit prisons, etc etc. Sure taxes will go up. But if its for the greater good then I have no problem. I'd rather pay a little more and have great things for all than pay less taxes and just get 80 dollars extra a paycheck.
49083342
It depends on the time of day. Probably keep working, most likely. Just because it's legal doesn't mean companies would be required to allow marijuana smokers to work there. A company could still choose to drug test their employees, IIRC.
15110545
"The maximum impairment after the highest THC dose (300 ug/kg) was within a range of effects produced by many commonly used medicinal drugs and less than that associated with a blood alcohol concentration of 0.08" - *U.S. D.O.T. study* "There is little if any evidence to indicate that drivers who have used marijuana alone are any more likely to cause serious accidents than drug free drivers. The results from driving simulator and closed-course tests indicate that THC in single inhaled doses up to 250 µg/kg has relatively minor effects on driving performance" - *University of Sydney and National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre University of New South Wales* "THC's effects on road-tracking after doses up to 300 µg/kg never exceeded alcohol's at BACs of 0.08; and, were in no way unusual compared to many medicinal drugs (Robbe, 1994; Robbe and O'Hanlon, 1995; O'Hanlon et al., 1995)" - *University of Limburg, Netherlands* "There was no evidence of any increase in the likelihood of being culpable for [automobile] crash[es] amongst those injured drivers in whom cannabinoids were detected" - *University of Adelaide, South Australia* "marijuana taken alone in moderate amounts does not significantly increase a driver's risk of causing an accident" - *University of Toronto, Canada* "In two studies with reasonable numbers of individuals who had only used cannabis, there was no clear evidence of increased culpability in these drivers." - *The Lancet* "No increased risk for road trauma was found for drivers exposed to cannabis" - *Dutch National Road Safety Research Institute* "Cannabis alone, particularly in low doses, has little effect on the skills involved in automobile driving" - *Canadian Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs* "In terms of road safety, it cannot be concluded that driving under the influence [of marijuana] is not a hazard [...] In comparison with alcohol however, the severe effects of alcohol on driving are likely to make this more of a hazard" - *Road Safety Division Report, UK*
34433835
No - my point is that limited law enforcement resources require there to be some degree of prioritization of resources. In states where there are no local or state resources available to fight marijuana as a whole, it makes more sense to prioritize those who are breaking both local, state, AND federal marijuana laws.For example, you'll see the DEA and local/state police raiding dispensaries in Colorado/California/etc that are in violation of the local/state laws, but you won't really see them going after those in compliance with the state laws.In this way, our limited federal law enforcement resources aren't wasted fighting a losing battle. It's not that they can't enforce the laws, just that to do so would require reducing resources for other law enforcement priorities.
39085461
Honestly it would be really difficult to give those numbers. If a lot of things changed (reduced defense budget, consolidated all health services under a universal healthcare plan, marijuana legalization and taxation, etc), the new tax rate could be lower, if nothing changed, the new tax rate would have to be much higher to account for all our currently wasteful spending.
44879692
People would buy it legally because buying it legally would be cheaper and easier to get. Do you really think a relatively easy to grow flower would still cost $20 a gram? Growing legally allows you to grow the plant on much larger areas of land allowing legal operations far out-produce the illegal ones. Also, there is a huge connoisseur culture among smokers, so there would be a niche for large scale producers of high quality cannabis.
50873715
Many of the things I listed were done unilaterally by the president (some by executive order).Gitmo indefinite detention: executive order (until enshrined into law by the Congress).Secret kill list? All the Obama administration. Congress had no part in it.Warrantless spying? Again, all the Obama administration. Congress doesn't spy on people.Prosecution of whistleblowers? All the Obama administration.War without congressional approval? Clearly that wasn't Congress's doing.Naked scanners? TSA expansion? Again, this is a department WITHIN the Obama administration.Drone war? All Obama administration. Congress doesn't tell those drones where to go and what to do.State-secrets privilege? All the Obama administration. Congress doesn't fight these court battles, they're not in the executive branch.Federal raids of medical marijuana? All the Obama administration.Attempt to negotiate to keep troops in Iraq? All the Obama administration.Reauthorization of Patriot Act? Passed by Congress, signed (happily) by the President.Economic team made up of wall street insiders? All Obama.
56930933
Well the US has a lot of political clout in the UN and throughout the world. When they threw their weight behind anti-drug treaties like the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, most countries signed on. The US has continued to exert their influence to make countries continue to comply with these agreements. As to why the US government wants marijuana to be universally illegal, that's a whole 'nother discussion.The Netherlands have developed their policy caught between two great forces: the will of the US as outlined in treaty agreements, and the desire not to continue an injustice against their own citizens. What they have is a rather imperfect system of decriminalization and turning a blind eye.
47967934
I would be quite interested. If hemp fiber is better for paper manufacture, why isn't it being widely used? It is legal to import fiber to the US, although I am unfamiliar with the economics involved. Is hemp fiber paper widely manufactured in countries where it is legal to grow hemp?
32462276
When you post something as (pics) it is kind of assumed the pic would match the title... yet there is no pic of a priest smoking weed. Here is a pic of a priest holding weed... http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/mar/11/internationalcrime at least it contains both elements of the title and not a crappy pic of a pot leaf....
78917094
There are international treaties Iran has signed to. Further, the US can partner with other Western countries to put economic pressure on Iran or even use existing talks to snuff out any possibility of domestic legalization. The US does not have complete control over Iran, but the international community has a big influence and Iran has already signed itself to treaties that it probably won't go through the trouble of withdrawing and rejoining the UN for. It's not true that it could "pull this off with little to no problems." The UN issue is a big one and Iran, as a founding member, isn't going to withdraw. Even the US must consider existing international conventions when federally legalizing marijuana and any drug beyond that would be far more difficult, particularly one like opium that is currently a "bad" drug fueling the international trade.
41588414
I think he simply meant in terms of its legal designation. Cocaine is schedule II whereas marijuana is schedule I. Schedule I drugs have "no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States", whereas schedule II drugs "have currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States, or currently accepted medical use with severe restrictions" (from Wikipedia). Seems crazy to me too, but I'm not from the US.
81500134
PGA official ruling. You mentioned "doobie" aka, ganja, aka, the devils lettuce, aka, happy trees, aka, sunshine in a bag, aka, pot, aka, hash, aka, dank, aka, green, aka, sensimilla, aka, reefer, aka, roach, aka, cannibus, aka, dope, aka, grass, aka, bud, aka, Mary Jane, aka, spliff, and of course, weed.Since someone got their panties in a bunch, you were down voted.No stroke penalty, it is the 21st century.
21010481
>*Missouri's three strikes law landed Jeff his life without parole sentence.*I don't agree that pot should put someone in prison for a long time, but get the facts right.
72678012
If people dont like it, then dont watch it. If you dont like weed, you dont ban it, you simply dont smoke it. People are so mad they dont get the money this girls are making.
75576952
Because frequently the bike lane is just a painted shoulder filled with glass and pot holes. OR they put you right in the door zone.Depending on your jurisdiction, some have laws that say something to the effect of cyclists must use the bike lane unless it is unsafe to do so. Weaving because of obstacles or riding in the door zone is unsafe, so some cyclists just choose to assume that bike lanes are disaster zones.
97496965
It would be a bad idea to think that pot legalization and serious tourism were mutually exclusive. Since you're addicted to bad ideas, it would make sense for you to have the idea that they are mutually exclusive. But by saying that you didn't realize that they are mutually exclusive, you contradict your name.
32450064
I'd like to go into a little more detail.An officer who pulls you over or walks up to your car needs Probable Cause to search your car. This can be obtained in many different ways like having illegal paraphernalia in plain sight (the officer can reach into your car and grab it allowing him to look for more), looking as though you are trying to hide something gives an officer probable cause, or doing something illegal in the first place gives an officer probable cause too. If you are arrested your vehicle can be searched without your consent because Probable Cause was proven and is no longer needed to search .If an officer asks you for consent to search your vehicle you do not have to give the officer consent to search your vehicle. If an officer has Probable Cause to search your vehicle than you would probably be detained in case something illegal is found in your vehicle. The only time warrants are really needed in the search of a car is if you are brought in on the suspicion of committing a crime and don't give consent to the search and seizure of your property, of course this happens in a manner different from traffic stops...Here's some advice for the people, if you have anything illegal in your car keep it out of sight, if you keep documents in your glove box guess where not to put all of your weed? Don't act suspicious and give the officer Probable Cause to search your car, keep your hands on the steering wheel, politely answer the officer's questions, if asked exit the vehicle, etc,etc.
