40611388
Fucking fags dude. I gave 2 of my buddies this dudes number (who I and everyone else thought was cool) and he and his boys stole from them too. What the fuck is wrong with people. Low life fucking ass holes. It gets me so heated lol.. But anyways, that's a tough one. I would definitely talk to a lawyer. You would have to say you were selling weed to them, I would think. Especially if it came to court. Wish you the best of luck, sometimes you just gotta let it go which sucks but that is the chance you take from dealing, and it sucks cause some people suck..
45612292
I don't think that's even close to the hundreds of thousands of people who are thrown in prison for pot-related crimes. They go in as a pothead and walk out a criminal. I'd rather have a hundred thousand more potheads than a hundred thousand more criminals.
48055384
> entitlementObama's speech last night had themes of self-reliance and personal self worth through valuable work. The Republican championing of entitlement to oil, entitlement to imprison those who smoke marijuana, and entitlement of companies to place profits over pollution are more costly.
79691508
All I know is the penalty for a small amount of marijuana is a $200 fine, no jail time. Perhaps you still get arrested? Also, not sure if additional possession offenses might included jail time...most likely it's probably "violation of probation" related to other arrests.
73538649
Black people violating parole causes those stats. Nobody goes to prison for a little weed. But If you went to prison for stealing a car for instance, and you for paroled, if you're caught with weed you go back to prison.
54183559
heeeeeeeella yeah!!Their needs to be an ice cream law. Thou shall make any flavor ice cream you desire without the prejudice of man. banana kush ice cream
47438138
Well the basis for preventing 4 trillion dollars in spending is that we are *already* spending at a deficit and have been for over 16 years.So after 16 years of deficit spending, it's difficult to tack on nearly another third of the debt that we have amassed in the entire history of our country.I'm not saying we need to run a surplus right now, but we certainly can't afford to add 4 trillion dollars in deficit spending.We need to stimulate growth with free/cheap regulation like marijuana legalization. We could cut 200 billion in spending and simultaneously increase tax revenues. *then* as things start to rebound, we can start to invest in infrastructure more.
41667218
We will agree to disagree then. The reason for the comparison of the two substances is to show while abuse of alcohol can occur, no one thinks ill of having social drinks or beer in a responsible way. The same is with cannabis. You CAN abuse cannabis much the same way as alcohol, to deny any ill effects really doesn't help the movement either. http://stopthedrugwar.org/speakeasy/2010/jul/20/dare_attacks_marijuana_legalizatarticle on it. Overall every one reacts to cannabis differently and the argument for comparing tobacco and alcohol to cannabis is that all 3 substances are harmful yet it should be an adults decision to indulge in those activities.
62412591
**WRONG**. Users of heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine make up 90% of incarcerated drug offenders. Marijuana makes up most drug ARRESTS, but marijuana sentences for marijuana use are typically very light and rarely result in prison time, unlike heroin, cocaine, and meth.
75074781
Almost all of the hash I have had in the UK has been horrible. Does hash all over the world generally taste like shit compared to bud?I had to get some hash recently cos my reserved oz is still being cured or whatever it's called. It doesn't taste nice at all and hardly gets me stoned.I always put hash into buckets or pipes etc. Hash spliffs are like a punishment.
42858779
Totally agree, though I think the real issue here is "Legalize pot, legalize pot!"..Obama: "Well I don't know what all these pot heads are saying out there..".."Me a pot head?!?"...Their prides were hurt. Plain and simple.
65817053
i really don't think there will be this ridiculous drop in price that everyone expects. in holland where it is pretty much legal, it still fetches a decent price and i knew a couple of guys who made a decent living growing and selling to local coffee shops. you might pay about €6 for a gram of something there that would likely cost $20 in the states. sure "big business" may come in and start mass producing a lot of low grade stuff (the budweiser of pot), but there will be people willing to pay more for the small-time local growers who put more TLC into their crops, just like your local breweries.
41138856
Reuteman, Rob. "News Headlines." News Headlines. 20 Apr. 2010. Web. 07 May 2012. <http://www.cnbc.com/id/36600923>Gieringer, Dale. "Putting a Value on Cannabis." Http://norml.org/library/item/putting-a-value-on-cannabis. June 1994. Web. 07 May 2012."Legalize Marijuana for Tax Revenue."Http://www.businessweek.com/debateroom/archives/2010/03/legalize_mariju.html. Ed. Stephen Easton. Web. 07 May 2012 Rao, Jessica. "News Headlines." News Headlines. 20 Apr. 2010. Web. 07 May 2012. <http://www.cnbc.com/id/36179308>Sources for my powerpoint speech on medical marijuana being legalized.
52312692
"Any illicit" would include cannabis and ecstasy. I assume that those are the two most often used drugs. You would have to look at the Hibbel citation to see what drugs are included.In all instances, drug use climbed after decriminalization, 1999-2003. But then in 2003-2007, drug use dropped considerably. There is still more drug use than in 1999, but the harder drugs that were causing the problem, like ecstasy, have dropped more than cannabis.
18563594
I started smoking pot and after a while friends would ask me if I knew where to get any. I realized at that time that I could get my dealer to take me up with him and meet his guy and smoke for free. After that my circle expanded and I could get more shit. I did that for a while then a kid snitched on a friend of mine and I said fuck it, it's not worth going to prison. I stopped doing everything and then 1 year later my friends I was dealing with got busted and nothing happened to me because I was smart and got out early.
94273277
It depends on what your goals are. I live in Washington and buy legally. I buy from shops that get their stuff tested and is fresh from a reputable source. To me, that is completely worth the extra cost. I wouldn't buy wine from some guy on the street, and I won't buy weed from some guy on the street if there is a legal and safe option.
62529910
The law regarding marijuana in Colorado allows for cities and counties to decide for themselves if they will permit recreational stores.**Does Colorado Springs have marijuana retail stores?**Many cities and counties within Colorado have chosen not to allow the retail sale of marijuana within their jurisdiction's limits. This includes Colorado Springs and El Paso County as well as Teller County.**What about nearby counties?**Teller County, which includes Victor and Cripple Creek, CO have also opted out of retail marijuana sales. Manitou Springs and Fremont County (Canon City area) have both approved retail marijuana shoppes and are looking to open locations in the coming months. We recommend reaching out to each municipality for more detailed information.
17901682
That is because cocaine is addictive. I think the Dutch model is best: classify drugs as either soft(marijuana) or hard drugs(cocaine, heroin, crack, etc). Legalize soft drugs, make hard drugs illegal/controlled. Also, when soft drugs are illegal, people go to a dealer for pot and the dealer cross sells cocaine and other addictive drugs, legalizing soft drugs stops the gateway effect.
21931192
http://www.whitehouse.gov/ondcp/reauthorization-act(b) Responsibilities.--The Director-(12) shall ensure that no Federal funds appropriated to the Office of National Drug Control Policy shall be expended for any study or contract relating to the legalization (for a medical use or any other use) of a substance listed in schedule I of section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) **and take such actions as necessary to oppose any attempt to legalize the use of a substance (in any form)** that--(A) is listed in schedule I of section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812); and(B) has not been approved for use for medical purposes by the Food and Drug AdministrationIn other words, he really just can't say that marijuana is harmless.
74493395
> The government isn't going to confiscate guns and preventing mentally ill people from having guns is a good thing. The NRA is not afraid of that, they are afraid of death by 1000 cuts> You recently had the Bastille guy in Minneapolis gunned down for owning a gun by a cop but because he was black they're silent and not defending a fellow gun ownerZHe had marijuana in his car, so he had to have committed a felony to buy the gun. The NRA isnt going to defend that.
36430282
UK here. We have quite a few drugs that are restricted under the Misuse of Drugs Act, classified by Schedule. Not all of the recreational illegal drugs have medicinal uses (Schedule 1 drugs notably LSD and cannabis, with exceptions). However cocaine, amfetamines, diamorphine (heroin) are used. Cocaine and heroin especially can be prescribed for treatment of addicts.
44878835
Well, getting laced weed is pretty uncommon. What state do you live in? I live in Oregon and getting your OOMP card is actually pretty easy and can be done quickly now. May wanna check out whatever state laws you're in.
84674949
As a [medical marijuana resource](http://mrxdelivery.com) in Seattle, we provide access to Washington state authorized medical marijuana patients in compliance with RCW 69.51a. If you have a [qualifying condition](http://greenwellness.org/services/medical-marijuan-authorization), you may be able to receive an authorization from your medical provider. Once you have an authorization, you will be allowed to visit WA state dispensaries.
69855237
Sorry to hear about your difficulty with the doctors in the pockets of big pharma. I am not sure of what part of Canada you are in, or the laws , but a simple Google search of medical marijuana doctors Canada will result in doctors who would be more understanding and able to write you a recommendation. I also know the NORML website has a list of local doctors. I hope you get relief and I think that especially with stomach issues herbs are the way to go, I had some issues and I saw a really great ayurvedic (indian) doctor who had me take a whole bunch of herbs that gave me greater relief than I'd had in many years.
49859595
I hate that pot legalization is a bigger deal on this site then any number of other more important issues. Should pot be legal? Sure why the fuck not. Should this be the number one issue we should be spamming to front page? Fuck no.
23499119
Committing a crime makes someone a criminal, regardless of what the crime is. I support the legalization of marijuana fully. But I don't support the release of those who are incarcerated for committing a crime, no matter what the crime is. Even if I don't think the crime should be a crime.They aren't in jail because of what they did, they are in jail because what they did was a crime.
45332144
My city has a local trees Reddit. If you're in a new place check if they have their own, too.Craigslist is pretty reliable where I am, but I live in a city that's pretty chill when it comes to weed even though it isn't technically legal. Craigslist may or may not be good for you. Depends on your area.
53150426
>we need to STOP current things from wasting our revenue and destroying the economyHow about all the money we waste in our legal system, prison system, the DEA, the money our military spends destroying crops in other countries, etc.Legalizing weed does both things: Raises revenue, reduces wasted resources.
47644405
I think getting a public defender only applies in situations in which there is a prosecutor. Charges for possession of marijuana are often handled in court similarly to a traffic case. No prosecutor, no jury. You just present your case before a judge.
54319448
Honestly, you may feel like that for a couple of days. I usually get a loss of appetite and maybe my mood is a bit different (curves my anxiety a bit), but you just get used it and after 3 days its kind of just normal. I love the quick sleep I get from cannabis, but I find if I stop, my sleep cycle is like it was before my use.Honestly man, just go for it, its your life and you have to prioritize and value things that really needs to be done for the long term, that is what is important. Pick up a hobby or fill your time with other things you enjoy and eventually its all good.Also it is not surprising that people feel different after discontinuing use. We have to remember that cannabis is a drug that alters our state of mind and that's the reason we enjoy it. And if you're doing it often, then you're going to feel different in some ways when you stop. Especially when it regulates things like appetite and gives you a relaxed feeling. Its all about adjusting and its absolutely possible.
21580019
*Every* study? Really? "The maximum impairment after the highest THC dose (300 ug/kg) was within a range of effects produced by many commonly used medicinal drugs and less than that associated with a blood alcohol concentration of 0.08" - *U.S. Department of Transportation Study* "There is little if any evidence to indicate that drivers who have used marijuana alone are any more likely to cause serious accidents than drug free drivers. The results from driving simulator and closed-course tests indicate that THC in single inhaled doses up to 250 µg/kg has relatively minor effects on driving performance" - *University of Sydney and National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre University of New South Wales* "THC's effects on road-tracking after doses up to 300 µg/kg never exceeded alcohol's at BACs of 0.08; and, were in no way unusual compared to many medicinal drugs - *University of Limburg, Netherlands* "There was no evidence of any increase in the likelihood of being culpable for [automobile] crash[es] amongst those injured drivers in whom cannabinoids were detected" - *University of Adelaide, South Australia* "Marijuana taken alone in moderate amounts does not significantly increase a driver's risk of causing an accident" - *University of Toronto, Canada* "In two studies with reasonable numbers of individuals who had only used cannabis, there was no clear evidence of increased culpability in these drivers." - *The Lancet* "No increased risk for road trauma was found for drivers exposed to cannabis" - *Dutch National Road Safety Research Institute* "Cannabis alone, particularly in low doses, has little effect on the skills involved in automobile driving" - *Canadian Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs*
26839321
The vast majority of Americans do not understand their own personal finance, much less the economics involved with trying to reverse a depression. They say tax cuts because that's what the talking heads say. Tax cuts don't amount to any significant net effect on the middle class individual:Rough Math- say Joe Blow makes 50k a year, of which he pays 33% in payroll tax. This leaves him with 33.3k net, assuming he gets no refund. Let's now suppose that the government reduces his tax burden to 25% (which is a 25% reduction of his current tax liability, in this simplistic example... 25% is a big enough number to make people hoot with pleasure). This gives him a net take home of 37.5k, or a gain of 4.2k/year or about $350 a month. Super. Who wouldn't like to have an extra $350 a month? Except that money most probably will not go into economy stimulating expenditures. The psychology of a recession suggests that people will either save that money or use it to pay down personal debt until the economy recovers. In the mean time, let's say that cut goes to 100M people. That's 420B collectively the government did not collect, and 420B the government could have used to try to create more jobs, which *would* stimulate the economy. Even if it's only a temporary job creation, as some republicans complain, it won't matter, since once the economy is strong again, long term jobs get created once again. This, also, does not take into account the higher marginal tax rate on the wealthy and the amount of revenue lost there. Obviously, tax cuts are significantly more impactful to a rich person than a middle class person, but even then, you have the **fundamental flaw** of trickle down economics: rich people collect wealth. They are not interested in spending it, they are interested in having more of it. It's not that far removed from Scrooge McDuck's money bin. Rich people do *not* spend more money once they have gotten to a certain level of wealth. They spend what they would have spent anyway, and everything else just goes in the bank. When the economy is turning downward, the instinct of the people is to horde their money, and cut out all non-critical expenditures. This will not change until the economy "improves". Giving non-wealthy people money won't entice them to spend, and giving rich people *more* money won't entice them to spend any more. However, giving an unemployed person a job WILL create a new source of spending, since the unemployed person will now by food and clothing on their own instead of either not buying at all, or getting the money to do so from the social welfare system. In addition to the new source of spend, the nation gets enhancements to road and bridge infrastructure, telecommunications hardware, etc. These things all require unskilled labor to do... that's the point. Take the unemployed off the dole, and give them a *taxable* job, which pumps money back into the economy.Also, decriminalize marijuana, so that massive, unfettered cash crop can finally start attributing its revenue in a useful way.
90417490
States right states rights states rights states rights states rights states rights states rights states rights states rights. Oh you vote to legalize marijuana? Well you can't do that!
89023186
Trump is easily the most moderate presidential candidate. He's the most friendly to abortion, planned parenthood, gay rights, legalizing marijuana, healthcare, and protectionist trade agreements.I think what you mean to say is, the media hate Republicans so much and does such a good job character assassinating them they won't win the independent/moderate vote. Although I disagree since I'm more or less an independent and I like Trump the most. Polls also show that he's winning among independent voters.
89606746
I was walking home one day when I saw some smoke pouring out the front entrance of my neighbor's house. The door was wide open, and I heard voices laughing, so I ventured in to see what was going on. My neighbor and two of his buddies were smoking pot in the living room, so I walked in and said they had two choices: one, they could put the joint out, or two, I could put the joint out for them. My neighbor jumped up and told me to fuck off while I was walking away, so I turned around and said "let's get high". I did a backflip and kicked him in the stomach, and his head hit the ceiling where he fell back to the ground and collapsed. One of the other guys ran into the kitchen where he hid in the corner and started crying. I grabbed a frying pan and said "this is your brain" then said "and this is your brain on drugs" and I hit him in the head with the pan. He was dead in an instant. I found some rope and tied up the other guy for the cops. They came by and cleaned up the mess, and I went home and played Xbox. I don't regret what I did for one second. This was back before pot had been legalized in Colorado.
42862382
EDIT: Here is the PDF I was looking for earlier. http://www.southhadley.org/DocumentCenter/Home/View/295Page 1, 2nd question> Are qualifying patients eligible for medical marijuana under the new lawstarting January 1, 2013, while DPH is drafting its regulations?>During the time DPH is crafting its regulations, the ballot measure allows thewritten recommendation of a qualifying patient’s physician to act as a medicalmarijuana registration card. **The law allows a written recommendation to serve asa limited cultivation registration, meaning a qualifying patient may cultivate his orher own limited supply of marijuana during this period.** Under the law, until DPHissues its regulations, it is not involved in regulating any medical marijuanarecommendations between physicians and patients, or in defining the limitedcultivation registration. Even once final regulations are put in place, patients maycontinue to visit physicians for certification, and to possess legally allowableamounts of medical marijuana as defined in the regulations, before DPH’santicipated online registration system is available.DPH will notify the public on its medical marijuana website,www.mass.gov/medicalmarijuana, when this system is operational and must beused. He is correct. Anyone with a REGISTERED card can grow right now. Has been that way since day 1 of 2013http://www.mass.gov/eohhs/docs/dph/quality/medical-marijuana/law-enforcement-guidance.pdf> Until DPH begins to process hardship cultivation applications patients or their caregivers mayconduct limited cultivation at their primary residence, but may only grow a sufficient amount fortheir sixty day supply as certified by the patient’s physician. They must remain in compliancewith all DPH regulations regarding Hardship Cultivation. DPH will announce when applicationsfor Hardship Cultivation Registration will be required for home cultivation.
74371983
Use of pot is not anywhere near the same kind of crime as sexual abuse of children. That is a sickening example. If it was your child, would you still believe that people who know it is occurring should not be required to say something? What about the child? Do you think the child has some right to protection from abusive adults? or do you give priority to the rights of the adult committing the abuse? When an adult knows a child is being abused and does nothing, then the adult has chosen to favor the rights of the abuser (to privacy) over the rights of the child to live free of abuse.Do you think slavery should be reported?
77918857
This is called the "gateway myth" and it's been de-bunked: From http://www.drugpolicy.org/marijuana/factsmyths/#gatewayMyth: Marijuana is a Gateway Drug. Even if marijuana itself causes minimal harm, it is a dangerous substance because it leads to the use of "harder drugs" like heroin, LSD, and cocaine.Fact: Marijuana does not cause people to use hard drugs. What the gateway theory presents as a causal explanation is a statistic association between common and uncommon drugs, an association that changes over time as different drugs increase and decrease in prevalence. Marijuana is the most popular illegal drug in the United States today. Therefore, people who have used less popular drugs such as heroin, cocaine, and LSD, are likely to have also used marijuana. Most marijuana users never use any other illegal drug. Indeed, for the large majority of people, marijuana is a terminus rather than a gateway drug.
53746060
Getting involved in their shit is just a bad idea all around. It won't do anything to help your brother. Worst case scenario? These guys find out what you did. Maybe you might piss off you little bro enough that he'll tell them it was you.Where do you think these couple of guys are getting their weed from? Whoever it is, they're his clients. And you're fucking with his business.Meanwhile, you just fucked over your brother as well. If you want to even have a chance of helping him, he's got to believe you have his interests in mind. He's 14. He wont think that's the case when you're trying to get his friends thrown in jail.
29942811
http://www.whitehouse.gov/ondcp/federal-laws-pertaining-to-marijuana> In June 2011, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) reviewed a petition to reschedule marijuana. Based upon scientific and medical evaluation, as well as scheduling recommendations from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), DEA denied the petition to reschedule marijuana. HHS determined that marijuana has a high potential for abuse, no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the U.S., and lacks accepted safety for use under medical supervision.
61959478
He doesn't sell weed *because* it's illegal. He sells weed because he can't get a legal job at all.If weed was legal, he wouldn't be able to sell weed; he'd be having to sell something else that was illegal.
80254348
I can't believe I live in this state. In other news a man in my city just got LIFE in prison for possesion of 2 lbs of weed. Fucking LIFE. Oh and another guy got 10 years for stealing flip flops from fucking wal mart, yeah.
25852927
I would argue that Worshipping Jesus is self degrading. Jesus taught that one should accept a lowly position in life with grace. Jesus taught that the meek and mild will inherit the earth. Jesus taught you to conform, to not ask questions, to accept oppression. In many respects, Christianity is the religion of the weak! The elite ruling classes of history loved Christianity. It keeps people satisfied with their position in life, and distracts them from socioeconomic oppression. Satanism on the other hand, is empowering. Satan sought his own moral code, independent from God. Satan offers a paradise to the nonconformist. Satan doesn't promise everlasting life. He promises a short, but well lived, hedonistic, powerful, independent life here on earth. Satan offers that which is tangible.Jesus says you must be obedient, so you can get high in heaven. I'd rather smoke pot here on earth with my buddy Satan, thankyouverymuch
12931103
> Maybe some people can drive while high - most people can't. Those who are not confident driving stoned probably shouldn't. But that doesn't mean that many, many people can drive high safely. I'm not saying that those who are unsure about their safety while driving high should just go ahead and try it-- far from it. If you don't think it's safe, DON'T DO IT. But for those who are confident in their driving abilities while stoned (those who *do* choose to drive high), and don't believe they're a danger to themselves or others-- plenty of academic evidence exists that supports their position: "There is little if any evidence to indicate that drivers who have used marijuana alone are any more likely to cause serious accidents than drug free drivers. The results from driving simulator and closed-course tests indicate that THC in single inhaled doses up to 250 µg/kg has relatively minor effects on driving performance" - *University of Sydney and National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre University of New South Wales* "THC's effects on road-tracking after doses up to 300 µg/kg never exceeded alcohol's at BACs of 0.08; and, were in no way unusual compared to many medicinal drugs (Robbe, 1994; Robbe and O'Hanlon, 1995; O'Hanlon et al., 1995)" - *University of Limburg, Netherlands* "There was no evidence of any increase in the likelihood of being culpable for [automobile] crash[es] amongst those injured drivers in whom cannabinoids were detected" - *University of Adelaide, South Australia* "marijuana taken alone in moderate amounts does not significantly increase a driver's risk of causing an accident" - *University of Toronto, Canada* "In two studies with reasonable numbers of individuals who had only used cannabis, there was no clear evidence of increased culpability in these drivers." - *The Lancet* "No increased risk for road trauma was found for drivers exposed to cannabis" - *Dutch National Road Safety Research Institute* "Cannabis alone, particularly in low doses, has little effect on the skills involved in automobile driving" - *Canadian Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs* "The maximum impairment after the highest THC dose (300 ug/kg) was within a range of effects produced by many commonly used medicinal drugs and less than that associated with a blood alcohol concentration of 0.08" - *U.S. Department of Transportation Study* "[Cannabis'] effect on higher cognitive functions, for example divided attention tasks associated with driving, appear not to be as critical [as with alcohol]. Drivers under the influence of cannabis seem aware that they are impaired, and attempt to compensate for this impairment by reducing the difficulty of the driving task, for example by driving more slowly." - *"The Influence of Cannabis on Driving," Prepared for Road Safety Division, Department of the Environment, Transport and the Regions, UK, by Transport Research Laboratory, Ltd.*
84818964
> it would have legal recreational marijuana, but not medical marijuanaMy point was that this will never be the case, because recreational marijuana is a *superset* of medical marijuana. Medical marijuana = you have to have a medical reason to buy it.Recreational marijuana = you can buy it for any reason.
23912395
That isn't what I said, I said that was the original intent of the gun when invented. Killing animals, killing someone trying to kill you, etc. You said the gun is made to fire a projectile, but what is the point of shooting a small piece of metal at near the speed of sound if not to fuck up whatever its hitting? People shooting at targets for fun is a much newer thing, and maybe thats why some people buy guns. But everyone I know who owns a gun owns it for hunting, or self defense (concealed carry, or just home defense). I don't know anyone who owns a gun so they can go to the shooting range and shoot at a target every once and a while. So while you can make the argument "why don't we outlaw cars/pencils/sharp pieces of glass, they can kill people too" it doesn't mean its a legitimate one and there are much better pro gun arguments than that one. This is the equivalent of saying "Well alcohol is legal and its worse for you than weed, so either weed should be legal or alcohol should be illegal".
52656098
(c) Every person 21 years of age or over who knowingly furnishes, administers, or gives, or offers to furnish, administer or give, any marijuana to a person aged 18 years or older, but younger than 21 years of age, shall be punished by imprisonment in the county jail for a period of up to six months and be fined up to $1,000 for each offense.damn, dont get caught smokin with someone under 21
29666118
>the minor child’s removal from Reddie’s custody for the following reason: “There are reasonable grounds for this court to remove the child(ren) from the parent ... because conditions or surroundings of the child(ren), and is contrary to the welfare of the child(ren) to remain in the home because: It is alleged that the father used marijuana in the home in the presence of the child. In addition, there is concern for the safety of the child due to adomestic disturbance and threats made toward law enforcement by the father.”What a bullshit reason for having kids removed.
11258401
I think you meant to ask if we support the death penalty. I find it ironic that jurors judge a person to death for judging a person to death. Isn't that the reason murder is unacceptable? Who are we to decide when someone dies? Well I find it to be a bit of a pot and kettle situation when juries vote for the death penalty. I also don't agree with the death penalty for fiduciary reasons as well. More expensive to kill them than to let live for the rest of their lives.
10424419
>Effects on the Lungs>Numerous studies have shown marijuana smoke to contain carcinogens and to be an irritant to the lungs. In fact, marijuana smoke contains 50-70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco smoke. Marijuana users usually inhale more deeply and hold their breath longer than tobacco smokers do, which further increase the lungs' exposure to carcinogenic smoke. Marijuana smokers show dysregulated growth of epithelial cells in their lung tissue, which could lead to cancer;6 however, a recent case-controlled study found no positive associations between marijuana use and lung, upper respiratory, or upper digestive tract cancers.7 Thus, the link between marijuana smoking and these cancers remains unsubstantiated at this time.Source: http://drugabuse.gov>On the carcinogenicity of marijuana smoke.A hypothetical link between marijuana smoking and cancer has been established based on the following observations: 1. Marijuana smoke contains carcinogenic hydrocarbons; 2. Cannabinoid administration promotes cancer under certain laboratory conditions; 3. Lesions similar to those caused by tobacco smoke are found in the bronchial epithelium of marijuana smokers; 4. Marijuana tar produces tumors when painted on the skin of animals. The best evidence to date on the link between marijuana and cancer, however, derives from large case-control studies -- especially population-based studies. Such studies tend to suggest, if anything, an inverse association between marijuana use and cancers.Source : http://www.marijuana.com/Shall we continue?
23891365
I agree. They couldn't call it a "credit union" because that term is defined to include federal insurance. But they could form a financial services provider that mirrors all the aspects of a credit union.Nothing would have made the industry more legitimate and more secure at its inception than a CO state-run financial services provider... insuring deposits, offering business loans, etc. The option to create one should have been included in the marijuana omnibus package, but regulators opted to grandstand over the minutiae of personal use instead.
96900916
They aren't and the can't. That was my point. Since nearly all instances of firearms transfers will require a background check now, a person who decides to use marijuana will not be able truthfully fill out the background check form if they want to practice one of their constitutional rights.
62578816
I really enjoy that you could read my comment (which was a bit insulting to Snapchat) and you didnt take offense at all. And I like how you put that. I can appreciate Snapchat a little now (even though its still totally meant for nudies). I didn't notice your username, but my friend uses Snapchat to show off his pieces and shit, which is kinda (but not really as EVERYTHING can still be tracked) understandable, but I like how you can see insight and not immediately attack me. I like you coffeeandcannabis.
26735917
Your point being that we can notice an increase in the usage of marijuana? However it's quite obvious to say that the increase would be quite a bit higher with the substance being legal. These numbers just show that marijuana is getting more popular.
72095828
>(I count 14 legalize marijuana related articles in the past 30 days alone).One every two days? Meh. In the past seven hours, there were two submissions about *dash cams*.
20310468
>Numerous studies have shown marijuana smoke to contain carcinogens and to be an irritant to the lungs. In fact, marijuana smoke contains 50–70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than does tobacco smoke. Marijuana users usually inhale more deeply and hold their breath longer than tobacco smokers do, which further increase the lungs’ exposure to carcinogenic smoke. Marijuana smokers show dysregulated growth of epithelial cells in their lung tissue, which could lead to cancer;http://drugabuse.gov/infofacts/marijuana.htmlRemember, whatever goes into the mother's body goes into the baby's. You can't blame her for be concered as a pregnant woman :/
48639597
Both parties (defense and prosecution) have to agree on the jurors selected for the trial. Otherwise, a hung jury can occur (which is a mistrial in the states). If one of the jury's members thinks pot smokers should get the death penalty, or in contrast, a juror sympathizes with the defendant because they deal drugs, a verdict may not be rendered or a fair trial with unbiased jurors may not occur.
58148243
Yeah, but West Coast (also known as Best Coast) rap is better than East Coast rap and we have legal weed in Washington, Oregon, and Alaska (still our West Coast buddy). I have no idea how Cali is behind on this.
82327067
While I think that argument could have the most social impact, I think the most powerful case against prohibition is the fact that marijuana is far less harmful to society than tobacco and alcohol, which we already regulate. We have decided as a society already that despite their dangers, "adults" can purchase and consume tobacco and alcohol legally, and face legal consequences for it (mostly alcohol here, drunk driving, etc). Why not so with marijuana?
20859778
Yeah. I wouldn't believe it if I didn't read it either."The neonates of heavy-marijuana-using mothers had better scores on autonomic stability, quality of alertness, irritability, and self-regulation and were judged to be more rewarding for caregivers. "They try to suggest other factors give these results - "suggest that the better scores of exposed neonates at 1 month are traceable to the cultural positioning and social and economic characteristics of mothers using marijuana that select for the use of marijuana but also promote neonatal development"This means either the effect of Marijuana on unborn children has positive effects or NO negative effects or negative effects so negligible, social-economic factors can overcome them and make them positive. Is it just me or is this big news? Why haven't we heard of this before? This study was done in 1994!
15175970
Rep. Barney Frank (D-MA) and Ron Paul (R-TX) have both advocated legalization of cannabis. Rep. Frank recently introduced a bill, the [Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2011](http://www.opencongress.org/bill/112-h2306/show) (HR 2306.) Believe it or not, it had 19 co-sponsors, including 2 Republicans.The bill has zero chance of passing in this political climate. Most likely, it will never even make it out of committee. But it shows that advocates for legalization can be found at the congressional level. Furthermore, the fact that a bill like this was even introduced is evidence of progress on the issue. Here's a list of the bill's co-sponsors:* Rep. Earl Blumenauer [D, OR-3]* Rep. Michael Capuano [D, MA-8]* Rep. Steve Cohen [D, TN-9]* Rep. John Conyers [D, MI-14]* Rep. Sam Farr [D, CA-17]* Rep. Raul Grijalva [D, AZ-7]* Rep. Michael Honda [D, CA-15]* Rep. Dennis Kucinich [D, OH-10]* Rep. Barbara Lee [D, CA-9]* Rep. James McDermott [D, WA-7]* Rep. James Moran [D, VA-8]* Rep. Jerrold Nadler [D, NY-8]* Del. Eleanor Norton [D, DC-0]* Rep. Ronald Paul [R, TX-14]* Rep. Chellie Pingree [D, ME-1]* Rep. Jared Polis [D, CO-2]* Rep. Charles Rangel [D, NY-15]* Rep. Dana Rohrabacher [R, CA-46]* Rep. Janice Schakowsky [D, IL-9]* Rep. Fortney Stark [D, CA-13]
30650057
Uhh...I personally don't want to see half of the front page filled with taco bell rage comics, pics of your new pipe, or the 99999th marijuana legality 'debate'.....actually i'd be ok with the taco bell rage comics. And the dude who re-arranged the word trees to spell weed.
47155199
From before I was born to the point I was 3 my mother and father were not exactly "happily married". My mother would often leave me with people my father didn't even know at drug dens while she got her fix (She was addicted to marijuana and cocaine). She spent all my father's money, wrecked his truck while DUI and many other things. My father finally filed for a divorce and when the custody battle came up even my mother's side of the family was supportive of my father winning custody. However, my father talked to a judge (Not the only overseeing his case) and the judge said that despite all the evidence that she is an unfit mother the judge is still very likely to give her custody due to her being the mother. This terrified my father and he sought to hire the best lawyer in Tennessee, I forget his name, but this was in the early 90s and he was a real big player. The bill was so large that my father had to ask the family for help, and my uncle gave my father the money he had been saving to build a house so that my father could afford the lawyer.My father got the lawyer and prepared as best he could to win custody over me. When the court date came up everyone was there in anticipation, and my mother never even showed up, and my father was given custody.I lucked out, but it's a shame to see children given to the lesser choice as a parent just because of the fact it is their mother. If the father is more fit to care for the child then they should be granted custody. I agree that kids should have both parents, but I don't believe it really matters in the end which parent raises them if there is only one. There's plenty of people who turn out to have great lives with only one parent, be it a mother or a father, myself included.
94472801
Got arrested for possession of marijuana (in Texas) and had to drop out of school a few months after that because of bad grades. Long story short, I slowly started getting my shit together after all of that. Ended up graduating three or four years later with a BS, have had a part time job in my field since my last semester of my undergrad career, and am in my second semester of grad school at a pretty awesome university.
53612872
They aren't making it up. Under US federal law marijuana is a Schedule I drug, while amphetamines are a Schedule II drug:>Schedule I substances are those that have the following findings:The drug or other substance has a high potential for abuse.**The drug or other substance has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States.****There is a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug or other substance under medical supervision.**>Schedule II substances are those that have the following findings:The drug or other substances have a high potential for abuseThe drug or other substances **have currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States, or currently accepted medical use with severe restrictions**Abuse of the drug or other substances may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence.[Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Controlled_Substances_Act#Schedules_of_controlled_substances)
48901642
Somewhat psychedelic-esque, maybe... but in comparison to an actual psychedelic trip (like 200ug+ of LSD) or (4 grams+ of mushrooms); it's completely different. If people went into a decently strong trip, thinking they could foresee a legitimate comparison to weed, they'd probably end-up biting off a lot more than they could chew.
79029185
It did: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Places_that_have_decriminalized_non-medical_cannabis_in_the_United_StatesBut decriminalization is VERY different from legalization. What decriminalization usually means is that while still illegal, cannabis possession is a civil, not criminal offense. Often amount is important, smaller amounts for personal consumption result in a civil offense (it is like getting a traffic ticket, you forfeit the goods and pay a fine) while possession of larger amounts for apparent distribution can result in criminal charges.
97314207
Cannabis oil won't cure her cancer or treat it effectively. She needs to listen to her doctor and take what he/she prescribes and use cannabis and cannabis oil as an aid for the pain and to help her eat and stay in good spirits. To get it illegally you can check out /r/darknetmarkets, read the sidebar and rules. I am unsure of the NY medical cannabis legality, but it is something you should absolutely discuss with her primary physician, he/she would know more about it.
84243629
The US is the front dominoe. Right now, they essentially pressure every country to not pass legalization under the guise of enacting trade sanctions against the countries that do. It serves the best American interest for us to get our entire marijuana infrastructure in place before we legalize so that when all the dominoes do fall, we'll be at the top of the heap.
63221143
>(12) shall ensure that no Federal funds appropriated to the Office of National Drug Control Policy shall be expended for any study or contract relating to the legalization (for a medical use or any other use) of a substance listed in schedule I of section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) and take such actions as necessary to oppose any attempt to legalize the use of a substance (in any form) that--(A) is listed in schedule I of section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812); and(B) has not been approved for use for medical purposes by the Food and Drug Administration;so basically, it's a schedule 1...> Substances in this schedule have a high potential for abuse, have **no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States**, and there is a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug or other substance under medical supervision. Some examples of substances listed in schedule I are: heroin, lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), marijuana (cannabis), peyote, methaqualone, and 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (“ecstasy”).the bullshit is unbelievable.
16798413
First he calls for the legalization of marijuana, and now this. My respect for this man is growing; he's the one prominent member of the Christian Right who is doing it right: Putting the mission, the philosophy, and the beliefs ahead of the politics!I hope he keeps this up, and I hope that a great many others take notice and follow his lead. Jesus didn't minister by going around judging everybody. Specifically, he judged those who brought harm to others, and the rest he forgave.This kind of religion is respectable. For the issues he's not doing this with yet, I hope he follows this from now on: If it will spawn hatred that will lead others to sin, then don't preach against a sin. For example, preaching against what they call the sin of homosexuality leads their congregations to sin via murder, brutal beatings, and denial of basic human rights. Remember that chapter of Saint Luke when Jesus said, "And ye shall deny human rights to all those whose practices ye disagree with?" Yeah, me neither. In fact, his entire philosophy is best summed up as, "If they're not hurting anybody, then what do you care? Love them. You sin too, after all." I'd like to see Christianity get back to that -- put Christ back in it, take the politics out!In fact, I'll make Christians a deal. Let that become the culture, and let that be found in the churches. Put Christ back in Christianity. Do this, and I'll go. I might not convert. I can't promise that. But I'll go, and I'll drop something in the collection plate. I don't feign ultimate knowledge. Let Christianity be Christianity again, and maybe your God can do the rest for some of us -- if He's there then it stands to reason that He could. If He doesn't or isn't there, then you'd be truer to Him and we'd be a better People together nonetheless.
17968780
> Many Canadians believe that the widespread use of marijuana is having a devastating impact on young people in particular. The majority of Canadians support decriminalization, despite the opinions of the asshat minority federal government.
26976435
Lots of countries give the same sentence for weed as for narcotics. Whats shocking to many in the US here is life sentence for first time offending. Usually takes multiple offenses to get a life sentence.
99175983
I am not 'saying' anything, I'm repeating the law. Refusing a search is not an admission of guilt, and it is certainly not grounds to give an officer lawful reasonable cause.If the officer says that your refusal of a search gives him reasonable cause, and that he's going to search anyways, he is violating your rights.There are exceptions, such as the 'plain sight' rule, which basically refers to the officer being able to see anything in 'plain sight' within the vehicle through the windows, or smelling marijuana as he approaches the vehicle.Regardless of the situation, you should always refuse a search. The officer will go on about how 'you have something to hide,' and will say all sorts of things in an attempt to intimidate you into saying something.If he has a warrant, and has legal authority to search the car, he won't ask permission, he'll just search, he won't ask.
70249256
City Cops enforce city law.State cops enforce state law. He wanted to keep enforcing it because marijuana arrests mean Federal Funding for his department and that he gets money through civil asset forfeiture. Philadelphia city police are one of the nation's leaders in asset forfeiture for minor drug offenses.It is called agency. When an organization has problems, the head of the organization is responsible.
92500591
Well why don't you just stop calling it a gateway drug then, and just call it an "illegal drug" or "illicit drug". It is NOT a gateway drug, in that it does not CAUSE it's users to move on to harder drugs. Users of harder drugs may have used (or continue to use) marijuana, but that does not, in any way, make it a gateway drug anymore than milk is a gateway drug to alcohol.
66120166
The beginning of that process (legalization of marijuana) is part of the change that is creating this crisis.No the seeds have been sown and just a mere policy change is not going 'solve' the greater problem. The real problem is corruption and as long as the system is corrupt the problems will continue to exist just in different fashions and forms.
90638889
Yes and no. Maine offers limited reciprocity to medical marijuana patients from other states. Patients from other states are allowed to possess medical marijuana, and are protected from arrest for possessing medical marijuana (with their ID card from their home state) but they are not allowed to purchase medical marijuana from a dispensary.Theoretically, patients from other states are also allowed to grow medical marijuana in Maine, however the law also states that visitors staying in Maine for more than 30 days are required to register for the Maine medical marijuana program. But how much can you grow in a month?
26335347
> cultural shiftthere is indeed some surprising cultural differences between North and South. North smokes weed. South hates weed. North doesn't have corporal punishment in schools. South does. TLDR weed is communism.
31286259
Right like identity theft is a non violent crime but far from a victimless. Smoking or selling pot could be a victimless and non violent crime. Selling alcohol to minors could be another example. Until someone gets alcohol poisoning that is.
50204136
Not necessarily a roommate from hell story but my luck with roommates has been pretty bad. My first roommate was arrested for selling marijuana and kicked out of school.The second roommate had social anxiety and dropped out three months after we started living together. He never left the room except for class and never had friends over.The third was supposed to move in a week ago but had an accident while on his way and has been in the hospital since then.All of this and I'm only a freshman in college. I think I might be cursed.
61919319
Cannabis prohibition is the crime creating victims. Not cannabis consumption. > Legalizing marijuana without some kind of oversight as to where it comes from is basically just fueling these drug wars.Prohibition is what fuels the drug wars.
67227504
**Judaism:** One of the oldest religions. They believe that there is one god, named Yahweh, who created all of humanity/the universe, but the Jews are His specific "holy people." Old Testament of the Bible is their holy book.**Christianity:** Same as Judaism, but they believe that Yahweh, now called God, reincarnated in human form and died so that everyone who is a Christian can enter Heaven.**Islam:** They believe God, known as Allah in Arabic, has had thousands of prophets throughout the years, one for each civilization. Eventually though, God sent his final messenger, Mohammad, to spread the true religion that would not be distorted by time like all the other prophets' were. Their holy Book is the Qu'ran. Muhammed (peace be upon him) didn't write the Quran, because he did not know how to read or write. Rather, it was revealed over a period of 23 years and memorized orally by those around him and finally written down after he had died. The Qu'ran states there is one indivisible God that judges us according to His law.**Hinduism:** One of the oldest religions. Hindus believe in many, many, many different things. The main goal of Hinduism is to progress spiritually. Hindus generally are polytheists, believing in many gods. There are there main gods - Brahma, Shiva, Vishnu, which are the Creator, The Destroyer, and the Preserver. There are thousands of other gods in the pantheon representing other things. These gods are not seen as entirely separate entities, though. These gods, along with you and me and all the trees and rocks and everything in existence, are all "one;" part of the absolute, the Divine. Its a complex philosophy. Hindus also believe in reincarnation. When we die, they believe, we go into the Lokas, or Astral as its called in the West, and then according to our souls "vibration" we are reincarnated on a plane that is accordance to our desires/past actions. The Veda are their holy books.**Buddhism:** They believe in the teachings of Siddhartha Guatama. It is centered around the 4 noble truths and the 8 fold path which state what causes suffering and how to overcome suffering. There are a plethora of different teachings and methods nowadays. Many consider Buddhism a way of life/philosophy rather than a religion. They have no holy book, but rather Sutras which are said to be teachings from the Buddha (Guatama). Buddhism is related to Hinduism in some aspects. **Pagans/Wiccans:** They believe in many things, ranging from polytheistic, to atheistic, to pantheistic. They claim to take their beliefs from the beliefs of the ancient earth religions.**Mormonism:** Its like Christianity, but with some different beliefs. They believe that Joseph Smith was God's prophet. They believe God is a physical entity who lives on a planet that goes around the star Kolob. God had literal sexual intercourse with a human female who gave birth to the savoir, Jesus. The original Jews, they believe, also came from North America.**Catholicism:** A sect of Christianity.**Rastafarian:** They reject Western society. Haile Selassie I was God. He is the Second Coming of Christ. They also believe cannabis is a gift from God.**Atheism:** It is not a religion. It is simply the personal rejection in the belief of a deity. It can be separated into Agnostic Atheism (Weak Atheist) or Gnostic Atheist (Strong Atheism).Hope this helped.
29672207
Done salvia a few times. It's not like shrooms or weed. It's like a bunch of acid in 4 minutes. It's a genuine happy laugh, unfortunately The majority if stories I hear about salvia are bad trips, but I've had nothing but awesome (hysterical laughter like this guy) trips. Salvia is effin legal, which makes zero sense to me.
63090842
Except most Republicans have no idea what policies they are supporting when they blindly vote for the R on the ballot. Case in point: the same night that a bunch of Republicans got voted into office, the voters also chose to raise state minimum wages, legalize pot, pass environmental regulations and vote down anti-abortion measures.Time and again its been shown that progressive/Democratic policies are more popular (usually *much* more popular) than Republican policies. Yet voters choose to vote for the party that supports policies that they don't like.
16312333
Yeah, I never remember anything coming of any of these, but I don't think it's going to matter honestly. I always believed when the first state legalized marijuana there would be an enormous domino effect, but I didn't even think it would happen as fast as it is. I've felt for a long time that legal marijuana was an inevitability, now I just expect it much sooner.
39847746
[Methamphetamine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methamphetamine_%28medical%29) *IS* more legal than marijuana. Marijuana is according to our federal government:>(1) Schedule I.—>>(A) The drug or other substance has a high potential for abuse.>>(B) The drug or other substance has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States.>>(C) There is a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug or other substance under medical supervision.">While meth is:>Schedule II.—>>(A) The drug or other substance has a high potential for abuse.>>(B) The drug or other substance has a currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States or a currently accepted medical use with severe restrictions. >>(C) Abuse of the drug or other substances may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence.
64252346
I don't know if it is because of the dealer, but I do agree that our laws make it a gateway drug. Kids are told how much illegal drugs will screw up your life. Then they try weed, and it doesn't screw up their life. If they were told weed was so evil when it was fine, why would they believe meth is as bad as they were told?
49840364
I dont need a law saying i cant hear the word fuck.I dont need a law saying I can grow or smoke weed or do drugs.I dont need law saying I can pay 10 bucks for a stranger to suck my dickI dont need laws for many things that exist, but I dont NEED to see someones fucking ass and if the ONLY way that moronic fucktards like yourself will do the rest of us the COMMON FUCKING COURTESY of pulling your pants up, then YES WE NEED A FUCKING LAW for it.
24464192
I attended the last five meetings of the semester and have been pretty active. We meet once a week to discuss events, both fundraising and club related. Next semester is dedicated to Extravaganja and fundraising for it, and some of those fundraisers are already in the works including a Fundrager, Battle of the Bands, and something else I can't remember. Also, we're working on putting together educational events.Last weekend, some of us (including myself) attended the MassCann meeting (which was a disaster, by the way) and discussed legalization initiatives for '12. We also do events for club members (I went bowling with them a few weeks ago.)
26516452
If your college offers a certain number of penalty-free drops, don't be afraid to use them.I was put in a 9am chem class first semester freshman year, and ended up dropping it. I stayed up too late, didn't study, and fell asleep in class. Minus the falling asleep in class, this is how I got through high school. I thought that since I had taken chem in HS, that I would be fine. WRONG. I got lost in the material and would have failed, so I dropped the class and my GPA didn't suffer. I retook the equivalent class a later semester and got an A, once I was used to college.Also, don't smoke too much weed. That's why I stayed up too late, didn't study, and fell asleep in class.
46736557
To answer your question, yes. The psychological withdrawals from the rush of dopamine that weed provided was an emotional damper. Now that your brain is aware that you are not chemically providing it with something that was pleasurable, it's also going haywire because it doesn't know how to handle the stress of every day life. That stress is causing you to have abnormal levels of anxiety. The surest way to decrease your anxiety and regulate to a healthy level of stress is to do many of the things that are recommended on this sub: exercise, eat healthier, find a new hobby, and meditate. Creating these healthy habits will improve your overall quality of life and mental coping mechanism. To fall asleep easier, drink some chamomile tea and take some melatonin. You will find that decreasing your anxiety and stress levels will give you more peace of mind. Stay strong my friends - remember, it's never too late to enjoy so much of what this life has to offer! Peace :)
17527663
Mayor McGinn, on October 7, [the city council decided that medical marijuana dispensaries within city limits would, essentially, be forced to close down](http://slog.thestranger.com/slog/archives/2013/10/07/city-council-votes-to-effectively-ban-medical-marijuana-dispensaries), as they would be required to have a state-issued license to operate. Only [21 licenses have been issued for the city of Seattle](http://seattletimes.com/html/localnews/2021756206_potrulesxml.html); licenses intended only for recreational dispensaries. Do you believe that this is fair to patients and existing dispensaries?
13369974
While I wholeheartedly share the sentiment, the title is misleading. It should be:Outrage- Black guy gets life for armed robbery and violating parole with pot, white guy gets probation for murder and violating parole with cocaine.Or probably something shorter. Bottom line, you shouldn't compare the parole violation of one person to the initial crime of the other.
11942548
Im for it. In my experience the war on drugs has caused more problems than it solves. I know a lot of good people who have the potential to contribute a lot to society, but have been held back professionally (not to mention socially and culturally) due to felonies due to marijuana offenses.
82339254
I have a very open mind about drugs. I believe strongly in the idea of reducing drug addiction, violence, and abuse through harm reduction and education rather than the "war on drugs" that has been used for decades in the United States. I'm also pro legalization for marijuana, as well as schedule reduction for a handful of drugs (LSD and MDMA specifically) as I believe they have been wrongly demonized via media and government in the past.
88609975
You'd likely sing a different tune if you'd lived in New Mexico during this man's tenure. His policies on decriminalizing marijuana made sense, but the vast majority of his governing was very unilateral and reminds me of the sort of policies Bush has been following in his pursuit of the "unitary executive". Johnson did some good things while governor, but I think the pair as running mates would only serve to hurt Paul's cause.Still, Johnson is a free-thinker and politician who does what he truly believes. It would be *fun* to watch, but there would be no inauguration.
45127017
thats some high on weed bullshit. he doesnt know shit. dont worry (people in uk) we are covered by the data protection act. by law he cant track us
47419264
I wasn't trying to debate that. My original comment was just an analysis of the facts presented in that the first article you linked. You quoted OP:>to say underground sales will flourish is clearly lacking any basis of facts.but the article you linked didn't prove that *underground sales* flourished, it said legally sold marijuana was being diverted out of state. I'm not trying to suggest I have a factual basis for saying the tax rate wouldn't affect black market sales, I just read the first article you posted and commented on it specifically.I can absolutely believe that a high tax rate allowed the black market to flourish, it seems very intuitive. I was just pointing out that the first article wasn't actually about that.
31478726
Marijuana stocks. With the recent legalization in Washington and Colorado the stocks revolving around marijuana have been going nuts (extremely volatile, + or - 10% in a trading day). Most of them are penny stocks (MJNA, PHOT). I still havent done any trading in the MJ arena.
80732615
Iowa bans fireworks. Iowa has speed cameras everywhere. Iowa strictly enforces marijuana laws. Iowans have no sense of humor. Iowa has nothing interesting in the entire state. Iowa has 2 seasons: freezing cold and hotter than hell. Iowa has no big cities, yet still enough light pollution that you can't see the stars. Iowa has no wild places, just suburbs and farmland. Iowa is literally worse than North Korea. Source: I live in Iowa.
34719944
No, they are not fully [sovereign](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sovereignty). Sovereignty requires that the entity be able independently to create the supreme law of the land. While some powers are reserved for the states, others are clearly given to the federal government. This is express in the [supremacy clause](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supremacy_Clause) of the federal constitution, and results in federal law [preempting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_preemption) state law in case of a conflict. You're right that they *were* sovereign prior to the ratification of the Constitution, but they ceded sufficiently much of that sovereignty to the federal government that they can no longer be called properly sovereign. They may even be a textual argument that the [10th Amendment](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution) should have been understood as more powerful than it is currently treated, but its application is limited to barring the feds from commandeering the officers of the state to enforce federal law, which is why the Denver police will not be enforcing federal marijuana laws.
25048182
Out of scope. I objected to your foundational point: gun bans will lead to "a mass murderer without access to guns." This is a fiction, just like the fiction of alcohol and marijuana prohibition.Also, we have "reasonable restrictions on guns." Do you know anything about gun laws in the US? Do you know about background checks and limits on machine guns?
96301097
An interesting idea for sure. I think the country is taking a step in the right direction with how many states are looking to legalize weed so maybe things will get better in the coming decades.
48264299
according to their number the average pot ticket would have been $1725.38 USD in 2010 to equal tax revenue in 2014; this doesn't include the savings from the cost of the state saved from incarceration and court cost.
12622434
Not true that he's not making a difference. He and supporters pushed the Democratic Party to make lots of changes to its platform, including supporting marijuana legalization and universal health care. And he got Clinton to support pretty much his tuition-fe college plan. And he paved the way for other people to run serious progressive campaigns for national office. It was always very, very very unlikely that he would win, given the sad reality of vote fraud and manipulation in this country.
38106519
Actually it seems quite the opposite in my experience. I quite often see references to legalization and cannabis as some of the most upvoted comments; not always, but quite often. Conversely I hardly see many cannabis-referencing posts with a negative karma score.
11377301
For one, I think the penalties regarding minors are too stiff. 7 years for passing a joint to a 17 year old, even unknowingly? If an 18 year old gives marijuana to 14 year old, that's another 7 years. Really? I'm not advocating minors smoking weed, but hell, there are no such penalties currently.
61064406
When the U.S legalizes marijuana, then the rest of the 1st world nations follow in footsteps. When the U.S calls SC a sport, then it is official world wide. Why? Because the U.S is the leader of the world, most powerful nation on planet Earth.
24898647
Hrphm ... North carolina thinks they are in the south evidently. No damn way NC is gonna come in behind the real bible belt in legalizing marijuana. Even been to Mississippi or Arkansas? NC is NY by comparison.
71407282
Why say redneck? That's an unfair generalization. I hate to break it to you but every government has guns and so does every criminal. Gun control is preventing law abiding citizens to own guns. Owning a gun illegally is as easy as buying pot. Whether a gun is used for recreation, combat, self defense, or competition is up to the shooter and person.
43538104
Currently only medical marijuana businesses will be allowed to even apply for the license to sell retail marijuana. You need a separate license to be a medical marijuana business so in essence you will need two licenses. Non medical marijuana businesses will not be able to apply for a license until mid-2015 for most of the state, later for Denver. Personal sales are illegal and will remain so without a completely separate constitutional amendment.
27030205
Met her 4 years ago at a youth conference. I was told she had a crush on me so I talked to her. We had some nice conversations but it faded do to our distance and me getting into a relationship. That relationship was very emotionally abusive but me and Christina became really close friends. She had a boyfriend by the time I wised up and became single again. As the year went on we became very open and the very best off friends. I had a huge crush. Sadly she was taken. I was open with my feelings, as was she with hers, and her boundaries. Fast forward to her visiting me with her best girl friend. I had just gotten a job and moved home after being homeless for 6 months. I was unhealthy both physically and mentally. Its showed as we grew a little apart. Then they break up. She was beyond devastated. It was out of the blue and I swallowed my pride and was the friend she needed. She spent some time away from being in contact. A few months later she's in her new single girl mindset, and I'm in a very big self care/love kick to make myself healthy. We renewed our friendship and had been texting on a daily basis. It was awkward at first because I instantly picked back up on my crush and she was not into me in that way. I was in the friendzone hard, but I was still very happy to have her in my life. We continue this trend until early this year. She had started visiting (living 4 hour drive away) more often and we had physically been getting closer. I had also gotten skinny and not to toot my own horn but I'm also pretty cute now because of hard work and going vegetarian(admit-ably to impress her at first seeing as she is one, but fell in love with how it makes me feel.). I had assumed it was all friendship based on what had almost been four years of being so. She saw some texts on my phone with another girl and our first very big fight began. It changed our relationship for a while. We remained best friends regardless. We remained close and became so much closer. We reunite at the same youth conference. The first night there we kiss, by the third day we are holding hands and having sleepovers, basically inseparable. She decides after this week to spend another night but at my house. Now we napped, woke up, and I go to shower. I leave her smiling, but come back to a hate glare. She had found the secret I was keeping. I had planned to move to Colorado from mass at the end of summer. After two days at the conference I decided I could not leave her. I hadn't told her and she drives off. I'm in tears on the phone with my friend thinking I've lost what just began finally. She comes back. Now I have made big mistakes in my life and have been reprimanded by parents, teachers, and other authorities. This was the worst. I was being destroyed, torn apart, and told by the girl of my dreams that i had hurt her more than anyone, and ruined whatever we had. I plead and beg. She decides to stay because now it is far too late to drive back to Jersey. We smoke a little weed and decide it's time for bed. I back into a corner and give her all the space she needs. She rolls over and says "I'm still really mad at you, but I want to cuddle." we commence in a very great night. The next morning we wake up early and talk everything out. It's still a little shaky but the worst has passed. We just made it official last thursday. Honestly I've never been happier, and not in that new romance/honeymoon way. I've been through a good amount in my 22 years (today being real life cake day) and I've dated enough to know that this is the real thing. Guys, she's incredible. Also the sex is the best I've ever had. TL;DR You can become more than friends, if it's meant to be.
28933995
It's probably also worth noting that if you have a trademark you are obligated to enforce it or you will risk lose the trademark...>Companies with famous trademarks and/or large budgets should consider engaging a professional watch service to conduct such search and monitoring activitiesThere's more information here: http://www.forbes.com/sites/debraborchardt/2015/10/21/trudeau-lights-up-marijuana-supporters/
13522981
The most amusing lie in that little spiel is your claim that I am only relying on the word of DML, given the subject of the article that I posted. Others, such as the "VPD's" claim that he was selling to minors (find that in their [press release](http://mediareleases.vpd.ca/2015/07/01/arrests-made-at-cannabis-day-protest/), it's not there because they have no proof of that) belie your other lie, that "all you did was repeat facts". Nah, you invented them.
22057769
potentially, yes, but not in the way that most people mean. not in the way that it causes people to go, "weed's not enough, i need something harder."i think it can be a gateway drug in that many kids try it and say, "holy shit, adults have been lying to me my whole life. my life's not messed up, nobody got hurt, i'm not a junkie addict loser now. what else did they lie to me about? what other drugs actually really like? what about alcohol, it's a drug, why is getting drunk ok and smoking weed isn't?"i think marijuana legalization and being more honest and realistic about it is key.
86410708
Obama could have been more audacious on that issue. It's a racial issue as well since the incarceration rates for marijuana-related offenses are significantly higher for black people compared to white people despite similar usage rates in both populations.
45809045
I was taught that slippery slope arguments are of the form X therefore Z or X entails ZWhat we usually call slippery slope arguments skip some step Y which would explain the jump from X to Z but the premise Y is non-existent. Look at an example:1. X: If you legalize marijuana then Z: you will have to legalize all drugs!In this example we are left to wonder why X entails Z there must be some reason (Y) which explains why X entails Z! if you ask someone, "why does Marijuana legalization entail all drug legalization?" they usually cannot come up with an answer. The Y premise which would explain why X entails Z is non-existent.
73782448
The funny thing is prohibition of alcohol led to the creation of organized crime. The organized crime we know today are called drug cartels. With the end of prohibition of drugs, such as marijuana, cartel activity would decrease in the same way it did once alcohol prohibition ended. Sure it'll still be there, it always will be, but there will be less activity.
81066928
The only reason I ever feel down about being an every day smoker is when I think about all the people I lie too. If it was legal, I wouldn't hate it at all. I just enjoy how much nicer I am to other people when I know I can go home and smoke. I have had a bad temper since I was little and weed has been the only thing to help.
88630967
I know.. it was a typo. I had previous marijuana convictions from about 4years ago. The court appointed attorney told me that they would bring my past history up and it wouldn't matter if I fought it. The D.A wouldn't listen to traffic incident or at least this is what my attorney told me. I then asked the judge if he could give me a continuance to hire a lawyer and he refused it. So not knowing what to do I just took the plea deal.
23617084
Federal law does take priority. Which is why there are occasional DEA raids on dispensaries operating "legally". The hope is that if the state and local police aren't enforcing pot laws, then the Feds won't waste resources trying to snatch all the pot in CA
28513316
So... It could create a black market for medical cannabis? You mean like the current black market for pharmaceuticals?Beyond that, there is no way that a black market for a legal product would be as big and criminal as the current black market that stems from it's illegality.
93362062
It's not a misdemeanor, it's a civil offense like a speeding violation or parking ticket. A misdemeanor is a criminal offense.>Both possession and cultivation of the drug still would be against the law, but minor offenses would be treated as civil infractions similar to traffic violations. Those in violation could be fined — but not arrested or jailed — and they would have no criminal record.[source](http://bangordailynews.com/2011/03/17/politics/bills-would-decriminalize-pot-increase-penalties-for-cocaine/)
94200480
I think that once its legalized for the entire country (how ever long that is) the "recreational" in recreational marijuana will start to fade off, the only reason we use it at the moment is because we need to differentiate between medical and recreational, once it doesn't matter to be medical or not it will change
73362359
We were moving into a house around the corner and my brother and I had moved our rooms already. We were upstairs smoking out and heard a knock on the bedroom door. Thinking it was the friend we were waiting on, I got up and opened the door. Two fucking cops staring us down. Room filled with smoke, our eyes glasses, and I notice my brother open the nightstand drawer and gently push the bad of weed in then shut the drawer. Freaking out about now, the cops asked us what we were doing and I told them we just moved in from around the corner. They said OK and left (go figure that one out). We look out the window and there are 12 cop cars outside our house and a helicopter flying over. Had to smoke another one to get over that. The only thing that saved us was that they had entered illegally and knew it.
25329148
My Dad has Crohn's, and there are a lot of studies coming out that show cannabis can really help Crohn's patients, and even send them into remission, yet our government doesn't provide legal cannabis.I also have an uncle who was recently diagnosed with advanced cancer, and I'm not sure if cannabis could help him, but there are certainly cancer patients it can help.If the UK were to take an even moderately less barbarian stance on cannabis, many people with horrible diseases, most notably multiple sclerosis, which a few of my neighbours suffer from, could be made more at ease.
25365449
I'm not sure point 2 is an east coast vs. west coast thing. Both coasts tend to vote more progressively on social issues than the middle of the country. For example, the first two states to legalize marijuana were "west coast" if you include Colorado as west coast, but the first two to legalize gay marriage were on the east coast.Also, do you have any references saying that the west coast is more culturally heterogeneous than anywhere else in the US?
52620055
Do you have any evidence that contradicts that? Otherwise, "Wow, just wow," doesn't add much to the discussion. There is no good evidence to suggest there are SERIOUS negative health effects to long term cannabis use. You'll probably be able to find some poorly done studies that conclude there are negative health risks, but any legitimate study concludes there is no serious damage in long term use.
46303144
It's not just about him not being able to get things done, it's about him not even trying or actively working against those campaign promises: Health care reform - worked against the public option behind the scenes.Financial reform - hired all wall street insiders to key positions, and no prosecutions.Warrantless wiretapping - promised to filibuster it, then voted for it.Closing guantanamo/ending military tribunals - barely even tried.Not prosecuting medical pot - the raids continue to this day.Fuck anything Obama says now.
